Good odds of rain in Vegas

Author: Markj9494

*000*2020-06-20 19:33

By 11pm that night it was clear she Amber was starting to struggle as her desperation mounted. Despite the cool night a light sheen of sweat could be seen on her face, which also seemed to be looking a bit paler as the strain of holding her bladder shut started to get the better of her. Yet for whatever reason she still wore the thick leather belt that must have been cutting mercilessly across her filling bladder. From where he was sat John could clearly see her flesh pushing out from behind its restraints, bulging out and around the belt as it tried to confine it.

During the night John had watched a number of classmates make their way up to her, buying a drink and chatting with her for a short time. While she might have been or at least acted happy to have small talk and accept drinks from people early on, John had watched her slow her drinking pace and input less and less into the conversations. Even as she sat there nodding along to whatever June was saying he could see her crossed legs starting to sway from side to side, was it a sign of a now desperate Amber, or just her boredom?

Despite the show Amber was putting on and the invested interests of the group, they soon began to flag and made their way to bed. Tomorrow was the last day in America, it had been a long trip of hard work but they had still managed to enjoy it. Although it was far from over in terms of Ambers bladder, with so much still inside it and the faintest cracks appearing in her defiant nature, part of John wondered if he would wake up tomorrow to see she had finally given up on this insane crusade and peed.

His questions were answered early the next morning as he sat waiting for the others to join him. Being the only one in the room he had helped himself to a cup of coffee and was scanning his phone when she walked in.

Amber's Face was definitely paler as she almost waddled into the room. Still sporting the same white jean shorts just this time without the belt, the reduced compression making her bladder bulge massively. Her heavily distended bladder almost causing the buttons of her shorts to separate under the strain. John had never seen anything like it, with Amber or with anyone else. How could one person hold so much in their body he wondered, watching as Amber gingerly walked into the room. It was clear she was suffering a lot this morning, but as soon as she noticed John her back straightened and the hand that had been resting on her thigh shot away from her crotch. But even this seemed slightly too much as she clearly winced for a moment.

“Are you ok?” He asked

“You keep asking that” She said, an audible strain in her voice.

“Yes, because you still haven’t gone to the bathroom”

“That because I…I don’t need too. I can easily wait until I am at home and then will still choose to wait.”

John opened his mouth to respond but was interrupted by June walking into the room with Suzie.

“Hey guys” June said cheerily.

“Amber, your looking a bit peaky, did you sleep ok?”

“Im fine, just a bit tired” Amber responded.

“Oh, well here you can have this.” June said, handing her an extra large coffee.

“Oh no I…I couldn’t.” For the first time there was a genuine look of worry on Amber's face, even if it was gone a moment later.

“No its ok, I probably shouldn’t have got it anyway. Don’t want to be needing to pee in the field again, not all of us have the bladder power you do” she laughed.

“I…uh yeah, that makes sense. Although you shouldn’t skip drinking today is supposed to be a hot one” Amber said as she reached for the coffee that was heavy enough that it almost needed both her hands to carry.

“Oh ok, I’ll go grab a few extra bottles of water then, for us both” June said, turning and heading towards the large fridge in the back.

Amber clearly regretted her comment as soon as June said that, closing her eyes for a moment as she kicked herself internally.

Shortly after Amber returned, carrying her large bag that was now clearly straining under the weight of all the bottles inside it. She was closely followed by a number of students and soon the room was full again. This being the last day, luggage bags now filled the room and caused a number of bottlenecks for the disgruntled staff. Roger was almost the last person to arrive, walking over he dropped his bag on the floor and turned the chair around to sit on it backwards.

“Have you guys seen amber, it looks like she has swallowed a melon whole or something.” He stated, looking past them and to the table a few over.

“Hi Roger, yeah I slept well thanks for asking.” Suzie said sarcastically

“Sorry” Roger said pulling a funny face at her, which only made her poke her tongue out in response..

“I just cant believe she is still holding on”

“Yeah, you are not the only one” John added.

“Yeah, but you are not the one who has to pay back money they no longer have to people if she does make it home dry.”

“I told you not to spend that” replied John.

“Its fine, its still like 2 days till we are home. That’s like 8 normal people pees.”

It was true, with the half day of work ahead of them, an early evening flight, two lay overs and then the bus ride back to the university halls, Amber still had a long way to go to make it home dry.

“Ok guys, if you could all finish up and load up the bus please. Remember to take everything with you, we will not be coming back here.” The professor said above the general chatter of the room. Making sure everyone packed up their bags and walked to the bus and they were soon underway again.

About an hour later they arrived at the final work location, Hoover dam. Stepping off the bus the sound rushing water filled everyone ears. The crashing of millions of gallons of water against the large dam and heavy jets shooting through the small sluices a warm welcome to most peoples ears. However it was clear from Ambers tight facial features that despite her calm exterior, the roaring of the water was making her situation so much worse.

“Are you ok?” June asked, clearly noticing the strange look on her friends face.

“Im fine” Amber said through pursed lips.

“Do you need some water?”

“No im ok, but thank you June” Amber said, her left eye twitching slightly.

“Right guys, we are here today to do some dredge sampling” The professor shouted over the roar of the water behind him.

“You will be working in the same groups as yesterday; I’ve just put the sampling equipment next to the back of the bus. Please take a set and be careful when you are out there. I know today is supposed to be a hot one, but do not go into the water. The sides of this lake are extremely steep. Now, you are all adults so I trust you will be vigilant, please look out for each other and again be careful! I will be going around the groups to check on everyone throughout the day. If you have forgotten how to perform a sample, there are laminated instruction sheets in the packs.”

Splitting back up into their groups again they grabbed their stuff and started the walk around to the edge of the lake where they could begin getting samples. Luckily this method worked well if you were working in pairs, so despite only being about fiver meters apart the two teams could get away without talking much.

By 12 the sun had reached its peak again and the baking heat was getting the better of them.

“Alright, its official, I cant deal with Vegas heat” John said wiping his brow.

“No kidding, im sure this shirt was light red when I put it on this morning” Suzie joked, her armpits and neck having a distinct darker area where the heat had made her sweat profusely.

“You guys don’t know how lucky you are not having to wear one of these” She added, one hand reaching into her shirt and pulling out her Bra.

“Ok, that was more of your underwear than I was planning on seeing today” John said, diverting his eyes.

“Its just a bra john, im sure you have seen them before” She said waving it at him.

“But I cant bare it any more so you are going to have to deal with it” She said, throwing it onto her backpack nearby.

“You guys want to stop for Lunch” John asked turning around.

Looking over it seemed Amber was fairing even worse than Suzie. Her face pale and black hair sticking to her sweat covered face. Large damp patches spread out from her armpits neck and even from under her massively bloated stomach. The now tight grey shirt had developed a dark half moon near the bottom that did nothing but make her already substantial bladder bulge easier to see.

“Yeah that sounds good” she panted. Letting go of the small sample net. The four of them walked over to a nearby picnic bench that thankfully had a roof for shade. Amber was the last to reach it, her legs looking a little shaky as she stepped unevenly. Sitting down she couldn’t help but let out a grunt, the tight waist of her jean shorts digging into her bladder painfully.

“Are you ok?” June asked

“Yes im fine” Amber replied, but it didn’t seem to satisfy June who reached over and put the back of her hand on Amber's forehead.

“You are really hot. I think you should drink something.”

“Im fine, I’ve had a couple of bottles when we were working.”

“Yeah, but you don’t want to take any chances. Your head is really warm and im worried you might be getting heat stroke.”

“I…” Amber started, her energy still to low to really argue.

“You need to drink, here.” June said handing her a bottle of water.

Reluctantly Amber began to drink, her eyes fixed on June and looking for any indication she was satisfied with how much she had drunk. But June continued to look back expectantly until the entire half litre was gone.

“Happy?” Amber panted.

“Yeah, but if you need any more let me know. I know you said to bring lots so I did. Same to you guys” She said offering a bottle to John and Suzie, who gratefully took it and placed it on her head.

“Hi guys how is it going” came the familiar voice of the professor. “Finally made it around to you guys”

“Its going ok, thanks professor.”

“Awesome, I hope you are getting some good samples to take back with us”

“I think we should be” John replied.

“Are you ok Amber?” The professor asked, looking at the uncomfortable woman in front of him.

“Im fine professor” She said trying to sound confident.

“Your looking a little pale”

“Just a little hot”. She said, trying to sound casual, even as the sweat dripped from her forehead.

“Ok, well here you go. We can’t have you getting heat stroke”. He said handing her a large litre bottle of water.

That twitch in her left eye reappeared as she outstretched a hand to receive the bottle of water that John was sure would do nothing to help the real issue.

“I want to see that empty the by the time I come around again. We cant afford anyone being ill on the last day” he said cheerily.

“Anyway I have to keep moving, you guys know where Roger and his group are?”

“I think they are a little further along the bank”

“Ok thank you” He said with a little wave as he disappeared back up the path.

Slowly Amber began to work her way through the bottle as they ate their lunch enjoying the nice area. After getting out of the sun they had to admit the area had some amazing scenery. The wind blowing through the trees and birds chirping…..

“What up guys” Roger said enthusiastically, breaking the quietness of the area.

“Hey, what are you doing here?”

“Professor Gallagher said you were down here so I thought I would come say hi”

“Where are the rest of your group?”

“Oh, they went to look at the dam museum”

“Dam museum or Dam! Museum?” John tried to joke, but apparently Roger was having none of it.

“What…The museum of the dam that is right there” Roger said, pointing at he tall structure still visible even from their position along the bank. It large size kind of intimidating in a weird way.

Now together again they group made idle chat as they sat eating their lunch. Even June joined in from time to time, although Amber chose to sit quietly. A look of concentration on her face as she sat with her legs tightly pressed together eating her sandwiches.

“Hey guys, just me passing through again.” Came the professors voice again. “You feeling any better Amber?”

“Yes thank you professor” she replied, a little more convincingly this time.

“Ok, well I brought you another bottle in case you need it. It’s a hot one today, so we cant take any chances.

“You are still looking a little pale, are you sure you are ok.”

“Im fine” Amber said, a clearly forced smile on her face as she accepted another bottle of water against her will.

“Ok, well keep drinking.”

“Oh!” he said, raising a finger. “I have something back at the bus that might help. I’ll bring it with me next time I come around. Anyway we will be leaving in about 3 hours, you guys think you will be done by then?”

“Yeah we should be” June said confidently

“Perfect, well I will see you lot in a little bit.”

As he left the others packed up their lunches, finished off their drinks and got back to work. John couldn’t help but notice how unsteadily Amber stood up, had she actually gotten heat stroke? Or was that just the impact of having such a full bladder?

“So we only have to get 5 more samples, shouldn’t take us too long” Suzie said, bringing him back to the task at hand. It took no time at all to get the last samples and thankfully even the temperature had started to drop. It was still hot, but now a few clouds were breaking up the blue sky and lowering the impact of the sun. Periodic dark shapes crossed above them and gave them a moment of rest bite from time to time. Although the work was still hard going, especially it seemed for Amber. Now standing with her legs tightly pressed it did make sampling a little harder. But thankfully it seemed that June was aware of the situation and helping mitigate some of the reduced movement her partner was exhibiting.

Even so, they were a little slower in finishing, with John and Suzie helping out June while Amber more or less looked on. She seemed a little put out by the fact they were doing her job for her, but surprisingly it seemed even her pride realised this was probably the best bet for her dignity. The physical pulling and carrying of heavy soil and sediment samples was tiring her out. The demands from her bladder not helping as she felt her muscles starting to ache, both in her legs from carrying and those helping keep her enormous bladder contained.

“Hi guys, how is it going? We are starting to finish and pack up, do you guys think you are almost done?” Came the professors voice again, materialising out of nowhere as he seemed to do. Amber almost winced at just hearing it, hoping he didn’t have another present for her.

“Yes, this is our last sample”

“Perfect, seems like most people are finishing up too. Should mean we arrive in plenty of time for the airport.”

“Amber, you are still looking a little tired” he said rummaging in his bag.

“I’m…im fine professor.”

“Here we go”, he said handing her yet another bottle of water and ignoring her comments. “I’ve put one of these hydration tablets in it. I realised that we have all been sweating a lot, which means we have been losing a lot of salt and other things that just seep out from our pores. So I thought that might be a better bet that just water in case you are down on something like that. Its not quite Gatorade but it should do the trick”

“I……thank you professor”

“No problem, got too look after my students” he said cheerily. “Now see you guys down at the bus as soon as you can. We should be having a little break about halfway to the airport, if we are quick enough we might be able to get a few more minutes there.”

“Ok, we will be down soon” John said as the professor walked away.

Turning his head he could see Amber now staring at the still closed bottle of water, seemingly mesmerised by the bubbles still forming from the remnants of the purple tablet dissolving at the bottom.

“You know you don’t have to drink that if you don’t want too” John said.

“I… what?” Amber asked confused having zoned out.

“The bottle, you don’t have to drink it. Unless you are feeling a little ill and then maybe it’s a good idea”

“Why……Why wouldn’t I drink it” She asked, the word drink slightly catching in her throat.

“Because that’s your third litre in the last 5 hours, anyone would be gagging themselves to pee right now”

“I…I don’t know what you mean, I am fine.”

“Then why were you staring into your bottle?”

“Im fine, I was just looking at it. Wondering if it would be better to have it now or back at the bus and…I think…I think I will have it now. Im still a little thirsty” she said moving up a hand to her throat for dramatic effect.

He could see that she had dug herself into a hole, and was currently wondering about her decisions. But after a short pause she unscrewed the cap and lifted the large litre bottle to her lips and began to chug. Her eyes looking to John as if to prove a point.

“You don’t have to….”

Amber held up a finger to shut him up as she chugged, the liquid in the bottle quickly glugging in waves down the bottle and into her waiting mouth. He noticed her grimace slightly for a second as her hand that was shushing him went to rest on her giant bladder. Was it just his imagination or was it still growing, each mouthful of water appeared to inflate her more and more Even though he knew it was biologically impossible he could have sworn that was what was happening. Her distended and melon like bladder making the fabric of her jean shorts creak under the weight of her pee. Litres if not gallons upon gallons of water now contained by the tiny shorts and her stretching skin.

Finally Amber finished chugging the bottle, her eyes wide for a moment as her hand shot up to cover her mouth. For a moment John wondered if she was about to throw it all back up. But after a few deep breaths she seemed to regain control of her body,

“Sorry, what were you going to say?” She asked, clearly pleased with herself.

“Never mind” He said defeated, there was just no helping her. Going over to grab his equipment they started to pack away.

“MMmmm” Amber groaned for a moment, a hand resting on her bloated stomach again and a clear look of concern on her face.

“Are you ok?” June asked, clearly and actually concerned for her friend.

“Im just going to sit down for a minute” Amber said, walking over and putting a hand on the table as she sat down.

“Ah haaa” she cried as her backside made contact with the bench, both hands cupping her distended bladder as she grimaced.

“My stomach, my jeans” She grunted, one hand now pressing against the table as she tried to push herself back up. A loud gurgling noise could be heard coming from her stomach

“Oh no” she whimpered again, closing her eyes tightly.

*Ping*

A loud tearing noise could be heard as the top button on Amber's shorts flew across the wilderness, deciding it could take the pressure no more. Her immense, bulging bladder simply too large for them to contain. Her bladders size physically breaking the button from the white denim, tearing at the double stitching and ripping it apart with sheer force.

“Oh fuck” she groaned again.

Watching the spectacle from just a few feet away John noticed a few drops of liquid fall from the bench where Amber was sat. Was this it, was she wetting herself. Looking at her face it was now bright red, her cheeks burning as her shorts tore themselves free. A hand was now pressing between her legs which were still mashed together.

“Did you just…..” John started

“No!” She shouted back.

“These are old shorts. Must have worn away” she grunted. It was a lie, she had bought them when they were shopping together about a month earlier. Plus that wasn’t what he was referring too and she knew it.

“Are you ok?” June asked again.

“What yeah, totally” she said waving her free hand at her dismissively.

“Ok, well we need to get going to the bus”

“I…Yep” Amber replied, taking a few deep breaths she slowly pushed herself up off the bench, keeping her legs close together at all times. Picking up her bag she strangely seemed to extend the straps to wear her rucksack hung low enough to cover her rear.

John was doing his best not to just stare, but he had to know, had she wet herself while the jeans explosion was happening. But as much as he might take the occasional glance, he just couldn’t get a good look. Either way Amber was definitely walking more stiffly that before, but managed to get back to the bus and sit down before he had a chance to see or certain.

Loading his equipment in the back of the bus he noticed Roger around the back of it, seemingly talking to the driver. Something that wasn’t that weird but did come across a little strange. Knowing him he was probably trying something. But finishing loading up his gear the students all boarded the bus and they got underway. Sitting opposite Amber again, he could see she still had a hand gently resting above her crotch, her lips pursed as she rigidly seemed to sway slightly in her seat. Not enough that most people would see it as anything other than from the buses movement, but John could tell it wasn’t. He knew she was really starting to get to the edges of her control and he wasn’t sure if he should feel happy or guilty about it.

The first half of the bus journey took about 3 hours and after a game of cards along with some travel monopoly that one of Rogers friends had bought at the museum, the time passed quickly. Looking out the window it was clear they were coming up to a stop of some kind, driving off the main road and onto a much smaller link road. A bright neon sign passed the window displaying services ½ mile. Pulling up outside the place it seemed to have little on offer other than a seven11 and a travel hotel, but most were just happy to be able to stretch their legs.

Before standing Amber slowly moved her hand and looked down at her lap. Looking a bit more relieved but her face still a bid flushed she waited for the others to get off and followed. Roger all but ran off the coach, claiming he really needed to pee and dashing off into the store.

“Im going to go and get some snacks if anyone wants anything?” Suzie asked

“Yeah, ill come with you.” John responded.

“Me too, I could do with a drink of something other than water.” June said, slightly surprising John. It appeared she now considered herself part of the group or at least their friend, which he wasn’t upset about.“What about you Amber, Im sure you must want something that isn’t water by now too?”

“Yeah sure” She said, another force smile on her face.

Walking into the shop slowly they were met with a lot of empty shelves and a drinks fridge with an out of order sign on it. It was clear this was not exactly the finest establishment in the world and was starting to make John wonder why they had stopped here.

The only working drinks machine appeared to be a large dunking doughnuts ice tea dispenser. Walking over to it John pressed the screen and looked for a nearby cup only to find that just the giant 32oz cups were present. Puffing his cheeks out he gave up on the machine and went to find Suzie in the snacks isle. But looking over the tops of the small shelves he could now see June and Amber having a go with the machine.

“Hi excuse me” Amber said waving over a member of staff.

“How can I help you guys?”

“Um, do you have any other cups and lids?”

“I, oh that’s strange I swear I put some out earlier. No, im afraid those look like the only ones we have at the moment. We are running low on some things today.” John overheard.

“Ok, thank you”.

He expected that to be it, but to his surprise June simply loaded a large cup into the machine and pressed for it to start. Within moments it began loudly filling the large plastic cup beneath it. That little twitch in Amber's eye was back and by now John was almost sure it was an unconscious tick of needing to pee. It must have been hard for her to stand so close to the machine as it filled the cup, slowly pouring the golden liquid into the cup. June took the cup out and handed it to Amber who accepted it, before June put another one in and it began to noisily fill again.

“Im….Im going to go pay for these” Amber said, breathing heavily through her nose as her body seemed to bend over slightly.

“What are mike and Ikes?” Suzie asked next to John?

“They are pure gold is what they are. You can not get these in England, well these exact ones” he said looking to the back of the shelf and under it.

“Dam, no full boxes.” Ah well, may as well buy them for myself” He said grabbing a couple of bags of them. “Wait, do I want blue or red?”

“This is the most consideration I have seen you give anything” Suzie mocked as he seemed to be trying to weigh the bags in his hands.

“What, this is maybe the last time im going to be able to eat these, so its serious.”

“Then why not get one of each so you can experience them both.” John replied.

“That’s why we keep you around, great ideas like that.” Roger replied happily. “Why can’t you be helpful like that” he jokingly asked Suzie.

“Because I couldn’t care less about what sweets you choose to buy” She said frankly.

“Well, you scare me, so im just going to go with what John suggested” he said picking up a bag of each and walking up to the counter.

After grabbing the snacks they joined the group of people waiting for the bus driver to get back and open it. A few moments later he emerged from the bathroom and opened the door and people began to pile in.

“Hey, you two. No open drinks!” He shouted as the line stopped in its tracks and John could see he was talking to June and Amber who were just a couple of people in front of him.

“But they didn’t have any lids”

“Im sorry but no open drinks” he said again, tapping the window which had a clear sign that showed no push chairs, suitcases or cups without lids.

“What do you want us to do with them” June asked

“I don’t know, im sorry but I am not having you make a mess in the bus.”

“We wont make a mess, I promise.” June tried.

“No one does it on purpose, but accidents are no easier to clean up”

That one had seemingly stumped the pair of them.

“Well im not throwing it away” Amber said clearly annoyed. “I just paid for these” The statement only getting a shrug from the driver.

“Fine!” Amber said defiantly and despite what must have been an achingly full bladder she put the cup to her lips. Her temperament charged by anger she began to chug from the large cup until in less than 30 seconds the entire cup was empty. Not for one moment did she break her gaze with the driver who seemed to be trying to act indifferent, but a strange look of fear was keeping its way onto his face. Clearly intimidated by the angry woman In front of him. John knew the look she was giving him well and could definitely relate to it.

Next to her June was doing her best to drink quickly but halfway through she had to stop. Her hand falling to her stomach she let out a little burp.

“Im sorry, I just cant. Its too much. I think im just going to have to bin it.”

“Oh give it here” Amber said clearly still annoyed, snatching the second drink from her friends hand she put that to her lips. Resuming her death stare she chugged back the little over half of Junes drink too. Finishing her drink she raised her eyebrows at the driver as if to say good enough.

“Get in” he said, rolling his eyes and starting the engine.

Passing Amber as she sat, John could hear a quiet groan as she bent over and made contact with the seat. Her two hands moving between her legs for a moment. Then something happened that John never thought he would see, Amber crossed her legs. Her face was flustered, she was clearly not use to this level of need to pee, yet her pride and determination still kept her holding.

As they pulled into the airport parking it had been clear for the last hour that the volume of drinks Amber had downed was really starting to affect her. The bulge of her bladder had also grown dramatically, not even the other buttons of her shorts were able to keep it contained. It now forced the front of her shorts wide open as her bloated stomach surged through the gap and refused to give back any of the space it now needed. The tops of her light blue pants were occasionally visible, despite her best efforts of using her slightly long shirt to cover herself.

The dazed look of concentration had returned as she mindlessly stared into the back of the chair Infront of her, clearly unable to think too much about anything but her need to pee. Amber also seemed to be chewing her bottom lip as a nervous habit John had only seen during exam season. A constant sheen of sweat was also present, her hair once again stuck and matted to her skin despite the air-conditioning on the bus working overtime.

Thankfully for her the bus soon pulled out and they were ushered into the departures area.

“Ok guys you have 10 minutes then we will be checking in.”

“I really have to pee again” June said, bobbing up and down on the spot slightly. “So im going to go and find a loo”. Downing that drink earlier had seemingly caught up with her.

“I’ll come with you”. A sentence that had surprisingly come out of Amber's mouth. Was that it? was she finally giving in. If it was, it felt strangely anticlimactic to John.

“Oh ok, im glad you are finally peeing. I was starting to worry.” June said.

“I….I don’t need to pee.” She said, swallowing hard, almost as if the words “I really need to fucking pee” had tried to come out on their own.

“I just need to go change” Amber said, rummaging around in her bag, before looking up..

“You know because I broke the button, I mean because the button broke”, She stammered out quickly, her face slightly redder than normal.

“Ok sure, I think there are some over here” June said as they walked off, amber taking short purposeful strides. The usually calm and hospitable June almost dancing as she battled her own bladder and must have been hoping Amber could walk faster than she was doing.

Returning just under 10 minutes later came a much calmer and relieved looking June, while Amber was also still doing her utmost to look calm and collected. She had exchanged her entire outfit for a slim, thin strapped black dress that was far too nice to wear on a plane. But John guessed it was the only thing that Amber was sure she would be able to fit around her now giant midsection. As they approached its full size became apparent, its said that black was slimming but this looked anything but. The thin material was clearly struggling to contain the bowling ball of a bladder that was sticking inches out of her. The dress was surely inches longer than it currently looked; the fabric was being taken up by the extra mass sticking out of her body. Originally Knee length it now reached just halfway down her thighs and was perilously close to flashing everyone if it rode up any more.

Standing for a moment she seemingly readied herself before bending down to put her things back in her bags. Her strange kneeling stance accidentally exposing her now white underwear to John. She did leak! He thought, there was no other reason why she would change surely? But how could she still be dry hours after leaking, maybe her bladder was strong enough to get home. But watching her he could still see the small things she was doing. Putting her old clothes in her lap allowed her a few moments to press on her crotch under the guise of gathering everything up. Plus in that position she could squeeze her thighs together tightly, with a heel under herself helping the aching muscles. But still, she was dry and to her word had almost made it back home without peeing. Although John also knew the next few hours would likely be agonising for her, with so much of what she had drunk and would drink still making its way through her system.

With their fast track education Visa’s check in was no problem as the one by one they loaded their luggage into the system. Making their way through security with just enough time to grab a bite to eat before boarding started. Walking onto the plane John was directed to the left-hand side and sitting down he was just sorting his stuff out when a shadow filled his view.

“Oh great” Amber said sternly

“Look I didn’t pick it” He said, cursing himself for not taking a different ticket off the professor. Was the universe trying to teach him a lesson, why did this keep happening. Of all the 300 seats why was his next to his ex-girlfriend. Although thankfully he at least had the isle seat, so he could escape when the plane took off and go speak to the others.

Putting his bag in the overhead bin he sat down, now close up he could really see the strain on her face. The muscles and tendons almost twitching as she did her best to keep the façade of her calm and in control look. A look that vanished when John clicked his seat belt into position and she realised she would have to do the same. Her eyes were wide as she tried to think of a way out of it but with a small look of self-pity, she grabbed on end, extended it to its fullest and clipped in it around her bulging bladder.

“Mam, that needs to be tighter” a passing air hostess told her a few moments later as she went around checking the passengers before take off. Pulling the tab tighter Amber couldn’t help but let out a quiet grunt with the belt now laying directly on top of her bladder. Maybe this wasn’t going to be too bad, John thought to himself. With her so distracted and people telling her what to do for a change, things were looking up.

Going up seemed to be the problem for poor Amber though. As the plane thundered along the runway it reached take off velocity and lurched into the air. The sudden movement and shifting of weight inside her made her whimper loudly. One hand pressing between her legs as she visibly grimaced. Her eyes closed she began breathing deeply through her nose, each jostle of the plane as it passed through the cloud layer causing her more discomfort. Part of John was expecting her to loose it right there, which then made him worry about just how much she was holding. Could the plane handle that much pee, it would definitely spread across the carpet a fair amount.

Thankfully for him and for Amber, the plane soon levelled off and the seat belt sign turned off. Something the still grimacing Amber seemed not to notice, the quiet bing not registering over the drum beat of her own heat as it ricochet around her ears.

“I think we can take the belts off now” John said quietly.

Amber's eyes flew open, suddenly remember where she was. The hand between her legs shot out from between them but a moment later her thighs slammed together as she winced. The lack of support clearly having an impact. Quickly grabbing the belt she unbuckled it and sighed in relief.

“I wasn’t holding myself” she stammered out, despite no one accusing her of doing it.

“I didn’t say you were, but you know you can admit to needing to pee. Even if you plan not too, everyone pees.” He reiterated

“Well I don’t, I don’t hold myself, I don’t get desperate, I don’t pee because I need to, I because I choose to” she reeled off quickly. The tensing of her thighs and sweat covered face suggesting the opposite.

“Fair enough” John answered, he had gotten more than enough of this kind of thing over the last week and he just couldn’t be bothered to argue the point any more. It truly seemed she was in denial.

“Don’t dismiss me like that” she said angrily.

“What do you want me to say, you clearly need to pee. Everyone can see it, everyone knows it, except apparently you.”

“Well they are all wrong, they are all ….wrong. I….I don’t need to pee. Its….its not true” she faltered, involuntary heavy breaths pushing out of her nose as she spoke. Her left eye was now twitched more than John had seen previously. Maybe it wasn’t a pee thing, maybe it was an anger thing…..no wait it couldn’t be, he hadn’t seen it before.

“Ok, look im sorry. I wont bring it up again” John conceded.

“Thank you.” She replied, before she closed her eyes and a few minutes later seemingly fell into a light sleep. The occasional twitch or groan slipping out from between her lips an indication of its restlessness. Although how she could sleep with that much pee inside her was a mystery to her. But an hour or so later he too fell asleep, the sky outside the window starting to darken.

A while later he woke to the sound of constant shuffling. Opening his eyes slightly but still pretending to be asleep he could see Amber in the dim night lighting of the plane. Her face was a picture of concern, biting on a finger nail as her legs bounced on the floor. Her feet moving restlessly in circles as she clearly fought the battle of her bladder once again. This proved it, she knew she was desperate, but why wouldn’t she just pee already. Her eyes seemed locked on the screen Infront of her that was currently showing some show he didn’t recognise, her headphones in she was intently watching what ever it was.

Yawning he stretched his arms out, pretending as if he was just waking up, instantly Amber's legs stopped moving but again the loss of help caused her whole body to pulse. The force of it causing her to gasp and bend slightly. Yet still she said nothing, pretending she hadn’t noticed him wake up.

Checking his watch it was…. something in Vegas time that didn’t help right now. Clicking the screen in the back of the chair he could see it was just 40 minutes until they arrived in Frankfurt, he had somehow managed a full night’s sleep. Although that might come back to hurt him depending on what the time was back home in relation to here. Either way he knew that he had to pee, excusing himself he got up and walked to the back of the plane. On his way back after relieving himself he stopped off and chatted with Roger before he was ushered back to his seat as they were about to land.

This time Amber clearly had a plan as the landing was announced. Despite a comment from a passing air steward about her blanket she managed to somehow hide the fact her belt was looser than it should have been. A fact that drove John mad, she was literally putting her bladder and pride above her own safety. But nevertheless, he stayed quiet, assuming and hoping nothing would go wrong with the landing that meant the belts were even needed. Thankfully, it was totally smooth. However, even the soft bump of a perfect landing caused another grunt to escape Amber who was still somehow controlling herself.

As a connecting flight they didn’t have to worry about security or check-in, but their flight left in just 40 minutes which gave them little time to find the right gate. Shuffling their way to the correct gate the students all sat around waiting for boarding to start.

“Im going to go find a toilet” Roger announced.

“Can’t you wait, we will be boarding soon” Suzie said.

“I’ll be quick. I just prefer not going in those tiny compartments. I’ll be back before you know” He said running off.

“If he misses the plane, I will not be waiting for him” She said slightly annoyed.

A few minutes later he returned, much to Suzie’s relief. Although part of her was starting to like the idea of leaving him behind.

“Hey good news guys, the plane is delayed because of bad weather. I think they said it would be 6 hours till we leave”

“How is that good news?” Suzie asked

“Because I just passed Amber who is currently doing a pee dance while in line with June at the coffee shop.”

“So, 6 more hours for us is 6 more hours for her to wait”

“Exactly, and im sure it must be so much worse since we are so close to being home. It is only a 5 hour flight from here, but that’s 11 more hours now”

“Are you guys really that invested in this?” John asked sceptically. Part of him still hated how much of a game they had made out of her suffering, even if it was self inflicted.

“What, we are in an airport what else is there to do?”

“I’ve got some cards if you want to play” June said, startling them by apparently appearing out of nowhere.

“Jeeez, where did you come from.” Roger said, one hand on his chest. “Glad I peed before you did that” He half joked.

“Guys, can I have your attention please” A man in a high visibility vest said stood next to the gate.

“Im sorry to say your plane has been delayed by approximately 6 to 7 hours. We are sorry for any inconvenience caused by this, but we have some bad weather overhead that looks like its sticking with us for now. As compensation, you have all been given temporary access to the airways club bar which is just down the hallway behind me and to the left. Thank you for your patience, I will update you when I receive more information. Please keep an eye on the departures board for more information.

“Result”. Suzie and Roger said at the same time whilst fist bumping.

“Mind if we join you?” June asked, which was kind of awkward as she had also seemingly invited Amber along too. Although at this moment in time she appeared to be preoccupied, her face was grimacing periodically as she fought the waves of desperation they were sure she was feeling by now. Her legs were tightly crossed and they could see the tops of her thigh’s contracting from time to time as she tried to keep her bladder contained.

“Yeah sure” Roger said, a glint in his eye of an opportunity forming.

“You coming Amber?” June asked

“I….I don’t know” She stuttered.

“Come on, it will be fun and like you told me, we cant let our bladder’s run our life right” June said with a smile. But John was wondering just how long she had been waiting to throw that line back into Amber's face. It was the same thing she had said to June moments before she had wet herself with the whole class watching, maybe June wasn’t quite the innocent sweet girl he had thought her to be. Had Roger been right all along, had she been intentionally filling Amber up like a balloon ready to pop, just for this moment?

The comment had worked and goaded Amber back to life though.

“Im….I don’t know what you mean June. It has nothing to do with…..My bladder is fine. Im just a little tired but sure I guess I could come with you.”

The comment caused Suzie to roll her eyes, after 4 days of this she had clearly had enough of it.

Walking into the bar it was amazing, like a modern German tavern right inside the airport. Flags of old German tribes like the Gaul’s were hung on the wall alongside Bavarian relics, or at least replicas of them. The electric chandeliers hanging from the ceiling were made from what looked to be drinking horns.

“Wow this place is great” Roger said, clearly enjoying the decor.

“3 pints please” he said at the front bar after showing his boarding pass.

“Sorry we don’t do pints, we can give you a stein” The barman said in a thick German accent.

“3 of those then please”. The group watching as the barman reached under the bar and took out three industrial looking large glasses. Putting them under the tap he poured a vast quantity of beer into each glass.

“Guy’s I think you are going to have to carry your own” Roger laughed.

Paying and each grabbing their beers they moved over to a small table near the bar, Rogers pack of cards falling onto the table.

“Right I want a rematch” he said to Suzie. Checking his head for his sunglasses and also behind him for any mirrors he was happy to see there was nothing to give the game away.

“Really, again?” Suzie sighed, clearly uninterested.

“Yeah, what else are we going to….

“Im not pregnant you halfwit, its just my bladder!” A shout from the bar interrupted him. Looking over they could all see Amber angrily gesticulating at the bar, her legs firmly pressed together.

“No, stop telling me where the bathrooms are, I don’t need to go. A grown woman can wait as long as she need to, now shut up and give me a drink.”

“Is it me or is Amber even more angry than normal?” Roger asked quietly as they watched the tall muscular barman become increasingly intimidated and annoyed by the small woman In front of him.

“Yes I am sure I don’t need a bathroom, are you trying to insult me by questioning it. My bladder is strong enough to…you know what I’ll show you. Give me one of those.”

They couldn’t see what she was pointing at, but soon the annoyed looking barman put a massive boot shaped glass on the table”

“She cant be serious” John couldn’t help but say.

“Going off her face, I would say she is” Suzie said as Roger dealt the cards.

The group watched as the giant vessel was slowly filled with frothing amber liquid, condensation rolling down the outside of the glass. Meanwhile, despite her angry demeanour Amber had started to fidget slightly, her left foot’s heel bouncing on the floor while the liquid poured into the glass. Finally, it was full and with two hands she picked it and began to drink.

“Right come on, back to poker” Roger interrupted, clearly intent on restoring his honour.

Over the next hour Roger and Suzie battled it out, it was closer this time but again Suzie came out on top.

“How is amber doing?” She asked John, who was still glancing over at her from time to time.

“I mean she looks like she is literally about to explode. Can her bladder get any bigger, like it looks ridiculous. “ John said

“Yeah, I can see why that guy thought she was pregnant.”

“Why is she still stood at the bar?” Roger asked

“Going off what happened earlier, im guessing she is too full to sit down now.”

“Well that’s going to be an issue for the plane” A slight look of glee in Rogers eyes.

“I mean she made it this far, im starting to think she might make it” Suzie replied, shooting down his optimism. But after a moment he recovered, seemingly having an idea.

“We will see about that” he said looking around, spotting a dark haired man on the table next to them.

“Hi, do You speak English?” he asked

“Yeah Roger, im on your guys course”

“Awkward” Roger said out loud. “Well……” he said leaning in.

“Kyle” Their fellow student replied.

“Well kyle, how about a free drink? But only if you get her one as well” he said pointing to Amber.

“I…. sure?” he said taking the money. “I don’t have to do anything else?”

“Nope feel free to talk to her, im sure she is lovely right now”

“Thanks….” Kyle said clearly still confused by the arrangement. But despite that he did his part, walking up to the bar and ordering 2 regular steins of beer, one of which he gave to the desperate Amber.

“What are you doing?” John asked Roger accusingly .

“Giving up on being impartial, it wasn’t working”

Throughout the next few hours a series of suitors were paid and bought for by Roger, the offer of paying them for their drinks more than enough to get people to go and attempt to chat up Amber. From their table the three of them watched as she began to get more and more fidgety through the night. She was doing her best to hide it but by 2 hours and 4 more steins in she was clearly losing it. Her posture became more and more hunched as her bladder ballooned even further. The endless supply of water over the last few days had been bad for her bladder, but the new stream of Alcohol must have been pure torture.

Soon she was unable to stand still as she locked her legs together and began moving a foot in small circular motions. From time to time they could see her physically flinch, as if something was hitting her, but nothing was. A hour later in it was clear she was struggling, even with her best efforts she simply couldn’t hide it any longer. Her red face puffed and panted as she fought to remain the master of her own bladder, rocking where she stood and a hand now pressed firmly between her legs. More and more of their class joined them in the bar, with many of them having a stake on the outcome of this “event”. It was like some sort of weird theatre play, but the only character was Amber and the villain was her bladder, or was it the other way around?

As the minutes passed it seemed a growing crowd of spectators had formed on the nearby tables, all seemingly waiting for the inevitable to happen. Each person watching with interest as Amber desperately struggled, her legs constantly shifting while she whined and grunted in effort of holding in her days worth of pee. The bulge of her bladder clearly larger than it was even on the plane, pulling the strands of her dress that was now totally ceaseless, the material pulled flat by her bulging bladder. A particularly loud whine caught their attention as her legs suddenly swivelled to the left, her hand pressing tightly between them. But the spectacle continued, her red sweating face scrunched in agony as her bladder cried out for relief.

Soon her legs began to tremble beneath her as the whimper and grunts escaping Amber's throat went up an octave, the desperation inside her body peaking. Minutes turned to hours as she kept fighting, drops of sweat running down her tired face, her blood shot eyes a sign of the force of squeezing herself shut. She was a mess, but as Suzie had said, Amber had done this to herself. Not only that, she continued to pretend as if nothing was wrong, even ordering yet more drinks to prove to people she wasn’t at the end of her tether whenever people suggested as much. A loud pitiful whimper escaped her pursed lips as he legs swivelled the other direction. Her head bowed and other hand pressing against the bar as she fought on.

“I cant sit here and watch this” John said, starting to get up.

“Hey, sit you butt back down. You cant help her, this is all on her” Suzie said commandingly.

“I..”

“Nope, sit down and drink your beer.”

Reluctantly John did as he was told, at least for a few minutes.

A louder grunt filled the room again as people on the nearby tables looked over. Her entire body shook as she writhed, but her defences had broken for a moment, a highly pressurised Jet of pee burst out of her and noisily splattered onto the floor next to where she was stood. Panting in effort she got herself under control, almost wheezing she stood their as the remnants of the leak dripped off her white underwear and small rivulets trailed down her bare legs.

“Im fine!” she said loudly at no one in particular.

But the desperate cry was far from convincing and John just couldn’t help himself. Standing he walked over to her, putting a hand on her shoulder.

“Look, maybe you should just….”

“Your doubting me and my bladder again” she shot back, her legs shaking beneath her as a pained expression crossed her face, breaking through even when she was trying to be intimidating. Even though her dress he could feel the heat of her overworked body.

“Yes, this time I am.”

“I didn’t leak, I am still in control!” She shouted “I can…I can hold more”

“Really, really!?” John said incredulously, unable to believe she could still be fighting it despite the small puddle of her urine next to her.

“Fine how about I buy you another beer then, if you are so sure you can hold it”

“That…That sounds like a wonderful idea” Creases in her forehead appearing as she scrunched up her face, breathing heavily for a moment.

Part of John hadn’t expected her to call his bluff, and was a little lost. But maybe he should just go with it, ordering two more steins the frothing liquid he passed one to the sweating and twitching Amber. Surely she would give up rather than drink it all?

“Cheers” he said as they clinked the large glasses together.

As soon as the drink hit her lips she began to twitch, a quiet whimper escaped between mouthfuls. It was clear she was suffering and yet she couldn’t admit her need, even in this state. Breathing heavily through her nose she continued to chug, even as John came up for air. Her eyes open, a crazed look of determination on them as she tilted the glass further and further up as she passed the halfway mark. Her breathing only getting harder and harder as she fought her body, sweat ran down her check as her legs started to quiver beneath her bulging bladder.

Still she drank, was she trying to prove a point, of course she was. Passing the two thirds mark it seemed she had stopped breathing all together. With just over a quarter of the glass to go her whole body lurched forwards as a powerful pulse seemed to run through it. A groan escaping her lips still planted around the rim of the glass, its contents sloshing back into the glass. Opening her mouth again she kept drinking, another more powerful pulse caused a louder groan to reverberate through the glass. But still she refused to give in.

“I can hold it, I can hold it!” She yelled into the glass before tilting it back and trying to force down the rest of the drink. Her bulging bladder looked ready to rip through its second item of clothing that day, a few frayed bits of fabric now present. Her vibrating legs increased their speed before pitching inwards, her thighs slamming together once more. A cry of anguish left her mouth, followed by a few moments of silence and then a deafening splattering noise filled the room.

After days of holding it, her iron bladder had finally failed. A thick and hard stream of pee was thundering out of her tortured body and hitting the floor at speed. Almost instantly the puddle had grown to more than a meter in all directions as Amber groaned in relief, her legs still shaking as she emptied her over taxed bladder onto the floor of the public club. Her thin white underwear was instantly saturated as the liquid raced its way past the thin barrier and rivers of pee snaked down her vibrating legs. Droplets of pee bouncing off them as the movement caused the thick stream to fork and run down in all directions as her skin glistened in the bars lighting.

Groaning again her back arched and the pees speed only seemed to increase in speed, the sheer volume of piss that was exploding out of her glistening body was amazing, a shocked silence filled the room as the onlookers couldn’t believe what they were witnessing as still she peed. The thunderous downpour entering its second minute as it soaked through the carpet. Her flow unabated in speed or power as still she stood there, panting, sweat covered and shaking in relief. Slowly the enormous bladder bulge deflated as the gallons of pee she had tried her best to keep in flowed freely into the sodden carpet. It had done its best to absorb as much as it could, but the volume caused it to spread over the surface quicker than it could soak into the bottom of it. A dark blue stain continued to spread out from her as an ocean of pee continued to erupt out of Amber.

Finally after almost four minutes of peeing it stopped, the last drops dripping into the absolutely enormous puddle she had created. Even vendors that were not part of their class had stopped to watch Amber's accident unfold. The staff could barely believe that one person could have held in so much liquid. It looked almost as if someone had burst a pipe, and yet it was from just one bladder. One bladder that had been forced to contain far too much for far too long. The result had been inevitable, her pride was simply too strong headed.

As Amber stood there, still dripping and with her muscles still spasming inside her the room was silent. Everyone couldn’t believe what they had seen, open mouths and looks of surprise covering each and ever one of them, well except two. Two people in the room couldn’t help but smile, A now rich man from South London and a not so sweet girl named June.

The end!

###

Thank you all for reading I hope you guys enjoyed reading this story.

It definitely turned out far longer than I originally planned, but hopefully it was interesting throughout.

In other news:

So this was actually a requested story that someone asked me to write, which is the first time I have done something like this.

But having received a couple of request for commissions / for me to write stories I have decided to open a commissions store using Fiverr as a store front.

This is for 2 main reasons, the first being a secure payment for myself and the second being it hopefully working as a way of “legitimising” myself, if people were worried I would take the money and run.

Prices range from $15 for a short story up to $60 for a 10,000 word story of your design.

I’m sure this will seem a little steep for some people, but unfortunately and without trying to sound arrogant, there is a threshold for what I am willing to take time out and write for. Apologise if that makes me sound like a bit of a dick.

I don’t expect to be flooded with requests, but I have received a couple of PM’s on this site asking if I do commissions or asking me to write a story for them. So that is where this came from.

As such feel free to message me on here if you want to talk about it, but I will still exclusively take payment from the Fiverr store.

If any of you are interested here is a Link: https://www.fiverr.com/markjones9494
