Wet Detective

Author: Mandymom

*000*2019-12-23 02:25

Shuichi breathed nervously. His personal bathroom at his dorm room had broken earlier, leaving the poor detective with no choice but to use the public restrooms. However, there was a bit of a problem-it was lunchtime, so practically everyone was currently using the restroom. Shuichi really regrets all that coffee he drank to keep himself alert while working on his talent. All that caffeine really did a toll on his bladder. Now he was left with his legs together, squirming desperately. This kind of situation was beyond even his own comprehension. Being cursed with this kind of bad luck-it reminded him of when he accidentally solved a murder case. That’s how he even became the ultimate detective. That’s why Shuichi was even in this place to begin with. That’s why he was at this silly school. Doing a silly sitcom. He was interrupted from his thoughts via a spasm in his bladder. Trying to distract himself didn’t work.

All he could think about was how badly he needed to go. Every part of his detective skills were telling Shuichi there was no way he’d make it out dry. Still, he tried to bargain with himself, telling himself that he was wrong, or that it would only make his boxers wet at worst. This kind of adrenaline rush kinda made Shuichi want to try something this exciting again, but not without the worry of leaving a mess on the floor. It almost felt like-no, he couldn’t think like that. What he needed to focus on was not making said mess on the floor. Shuichi’s bladder felt very heavy in his abdomen, and he could swear that it was stretched like a giant water balloon. He was sweating bullets. It made him almost consider removing his hat due to how hot he was feeling from stress. Shuichi’s mind was clouded with impatience. Suddenly, he heard a voice.

“Hey Shuichi, you in line for the bathroom too, huh?” Kokichi asked, shifting from foot to foot with his crotch tightly held.

Out of all the people to talk to him at his worst, Kokichi would be by far his least favorite. While his boyfriend was admittedly cute, and even sweet at times, he could also be an annoyance. “What’s it look like? If the line is too long, can’t you just go back to the dorms?”

“It’s too far away!” Kokichi whined. “You really think I’d be able to make it back?” Shuichi rolled his eyes and went back to concentrating on not having an accident. But no matter how much time passed, the bathroom never seemed to be getting emptier, and of course, Shuichi’s bladder wasn’t either. Keebo walked by, curious about the situation.

“Is...something wrong?” Keebo asked.

“I’ve just had too much to drink at lunch earlier! All that liquid really went right through me, huh?” Kokichi laughed.

Hearing the word liquid made Shuichi’s bladder throb, and he stuffed his hands into his pockets in an attempt to prevent himself from leaking. “The plumbings still broken in my room, so I’ll just have to wait here.”

Keebo looked a little worried. “Are you sure you won’t-”

“Hey hey hey, don’t say such discouraging words! Shuichi will be fine, don’t worry about him!” Kokichi replied. Keebo rolled his eyes and decided it would be best not to touch on the subject any longer. “Will you guys hurry up?!”

“Be patient, Kokichi.” Shuichi scolded.

“How can I be patient when I’m about to explode-” Kokichi’s eyes suddenly went wide. “Oh…”

“Are you okay-” Shuichi began to ask, before he saw a wet spot show up on the crotch of Kokichi’s pants.

“It’s...coming out…” Kokichi said.

Seeing Kokichi leak made Shuichi’s bladder release a little as well. He felt a little twitch down below. He grabbed himself, praying nothing else would come out. It didn’t work, as another spurt escaped from his penis. He gripped himself tightly, hands practically half fists. After some liberal squeezing he managed to regain control. “D-Don’t worry, if you hurry you could still make it to the bathroom-

“Looks like you’re at your limit as well.” Kokichi giggled.

Shuichi was startled by those words. He could’ve sworn Kokichi had an almost seductive look in his eyes. He gulped nervously. “I…”

“I can’t believe you didn’t realize this was getting you off. Heh, how naive.”

“W-Wha-”

“That look on your face...you totally look hot and bothered.”

Shuichi gulped nervously. He suddenly realized why it was so exciting to him. It was forced to the back of his mind, where he refused to acknowledge it, but this was arousing him. Besides that, he didn’t really know much about arousal or sex, only really the basics. Shuichi took deep breaths. He wasn’t about to say that Kokichi was completely correct about it. He still had dignity left, and he was planning to protect that dignity. “I’m not. Stop trying to mess with me.”

“I’m feeling nice, so I’ll let you take a shower in my dorm room. Ya know, since the water in your room isn’t working?” Kokichi offered, throwing Shuichi the key. More pee came out of Kokichi, creating a small puddle on the floor. “Heh, you might even make it to the toilet on time, who knows?” Shuichi didn’t even say another word as he bolted to the dorms. He frantically unlocked Kokichi’s door and ran inside. Aiming his cock towards the toilet, Shuichi finally relaxed.

A torrent of piss came rushing out, splashing and mixing with the water below. He made it. Shuichi didn’t wet himself after all. But he definitely would have if it weren’t for Kokichi’s mercy. Emptying his bladder felt like pure bliss. He let out a loud moan of relief. “So...good…” It seemed to take forever for it to finally stop, but Shuichi enjoyed every second of it. Shuichi made sure to flush the toilet, just to be polite. Afterwards, Shuichi’s legs felt shaky, and he collapsed onto Kokichi’s bed. He decided to rest for a bit, as he was still coming off the high he just experienced. “W-Wow...I’m not sure if it’ll be possible for me to ever feel that amazing ever again.” He noticed his crotch had grown warm from the afterglow. Shuichi would have to take care of that in a little while.

Kokichi walked into his room with his pants soaked. He noticed Shuichi collapsed on the bed and chuckled. “Looks like you’re starting to get hard. You must have been lying about not enjoying it, huh?” He closed the door behind him, and began to strip down.

“Kokichi?!” Shuichi exclaimed. “How come you’re taking your clothes off?!”

“What does it look like? I’m obviously about to take a shower. Besides, we’re dating. It’s fine if I get naked in front of you.” Kokichi shrugged. I’m finally going to get that sweet, sweet detective cock after this! Ahh, I can’t wait!

“That...makes sense…” Shuichi replied, his erection starting to grow more as he saw Kokichi undress. Kokichi walked into the bathroom and turned on the shower. A few minutes later, Kokichi was clean and had dried himself off with a towel. He sat down next to Shuichi, pulling him into a kiss. Shuichi gladly embraced the sudden affection, wrapping his arms around Kokichi’s body. They stayed like that for a few moments, before Kokichi broke away from the kiss.

“Do you want to stick it in me?” Kokichi asked. “You know, since you’re…”

“I’d like to, but I’m a virgin, so I don’t really know how.” Shuichi admitted.

“Hmm, figures. I’m technically a virgin, but I’ve looked at dirty magazines before, so I’ll be able to walk you through it, don’t worry.” Kokichi reassured, unzipping Shuichi’s pants. “Just tell me if you get too chicken and want to stop, ok?” He slid his hand down to Shuichi’s crotch, taking his cock in his hand, gently rubbing it. “Can’t forget the warmup.”

“A-Ah..!” Shuichi moaned. “K-K-Kokichi-” He felt shivers down his spine. This felt different than when he touched himself. It felt more intimate, personal. “M-m…” He leaned into it, letting Kokichi play with him as he wished. “U-Uhm...I’m not sure how w-we’ll go about this. I mean, aren’t we both guys?”

Kokichi winked, turning around so that his ass was now facing Shuichi. “You’re gonna put it in my butt, duh.” Nervously, Shuichi inserted a finger to test the waters a bit. “Eh? It’s...wet. You’re one of those males who can get pregnant? Won’t we need to use protection?”

Apparently, that had been thought of beforehand. Kokichi tossed him a condom. “Monokuma gave us condoms ‘in case of certain activities.’ They showed you in health class how to put it on, right? I think I’m already wide enough for you to enter, seeing you moan and squirm like that earlier from me just touching you REALLY got me off…”

Shuichi nodded, taking in deep breaths. He opened up the package, and began unraveling the condom onto his shaft. Shuichi double checked to make sure it was a snug enough fit. “It’s on now.” His instincts seemed to have an idea of what to do next. Taking a deep breath, he thrust himself into Kokichi. Kokichi let out a happy moan in response. Hearing this gave Shuichi reassurance. Another thrust shortly followed after. Entering and reentering was a bit tricky at first, but Shuichi managed to get the hang of it. Shuichi could almost swear the way he was moving was rhythmic, Kokichi moaning and panting after each thrust, and Shuichi letting out a moan every time he entered and reentered. However, he felt like he could do better than that, surely. So Shuichi decided to shake things up. The new beat to their physical love got faster, rougher. It seemed to flow naturally from the old rhythm into the new rhythm.The moans from both of them had become more intense.

“More like this, more like this!” Kokichi cried out. “Yes, yes, yes!” Shuichi smiled, and indulged in Kokichi’s request, trying to hit all of his good spots. Kokichi let out his loudest moan yet. “S-Shuichi! I’m gonna-ahh!”

“Eh?! Do you mean-” Before Shuichi even managed to finish that sentence, Kokichi came, his hot sticky load rushing out and onto the bed below. Taking a couple more thrusts, Shuichi did so as well, filling the condom up with his cum. He withdrew himself from Kokichi’s ass and put the condom in the trash. “The whole dorm room could have heard that…”

“It could even wake the horny dead!” Kokichi replied. Shuichi let out a small chuckle. He pulled Kokichi in closer to cuddle with him.

“I love you, Kokichi.”

“Me too, Shuichi.”

