The Eletrical LockDown

Author: MapleFeather12

*000*2020-10-04 02:46

Characters seen: White, Red, Green, Pink, Blue, Orange, Black

Victim: White

Location: The Skeld

Whites Personality: Shy, always nervous, abit of an introvert.

Type Of Story: Interactive

Your Pov: Red

Next part coming: Soon hopefully.

*001*2020-10-06 21:19

I forgot to mention one tiny thing, like reaaally tiny thing. i dont post very often

*002*2020-10-07 21:03

I'm just waiting to see if anyone will ay anything before I start

*004*2020-10-09 20:59

(lets get this show, on the road!)

You are the: Imposter

"the body was in admin, me and blue found it" Orange set his hands down onto the table with blue next to him eyeing everyone in the room, you felt a nervous shiver run up your spine as he glanced at you, "poor brown" pink whispered from across the table. "I saw we just finish our tasks" Green suggested from next to pink "we cant just finish our tasks, that would doom us all, Green" Orange eyes Green as he spoke. You could not help but take a small step back, you had killed brown and vented away after all, thank god Orange didnt sus you for being in Shileds.

"I saw we do teams of two" Black raised his hand lightly "that way the imposter cant kill anyone without getting caught". 'Dangit!' you wanted to protest but you would seem sus if you did so, you sat there quietly. "Good idea, ill go with blue, green your with pink, black you can also stick with us, and...red can go with white" the team started to split up in their groups leaving just you and white in Caf. "I have..only 6 tasks but they are spread out two in eletrical, one in Nav, 2 in admin and... one in security or we can do yours.."

(pick your option)

A: go with white to Nav

B: take white with you to Security

C: let White decide

*006*2020-10-11 03:17

I did its being approved currently

*008*2020-10-12 23:04

You decided to let white decide, to gain her trust, "hmm...lets go to Nav first then you have a task there to right?" you nodded quietly "thats great! then we can head over to Admin" you began to fallow white to Nav passing by green and pink who seemed to be heading to Admin, "poor Brown huh? he was such a nice guy" White looked at the floor as you and her reached Nav "I have download, you do whatever you have to do"

"alright" you started towards the main panel and looked down at the screen, you looked back up to see white begin to start fighting with the glitchy loading panel.

A: Fake task (40% chance of white noticing)

B: do task (lowers sus level to white)

C: watch white without doing anything (50% chance of white noticing)

Current desperation meter for white (forgot to add this on the first one) 2/10

*010*2020-10-13 17:54

You decided to do the task, this lowered your sus level to 10%, you start to work on the panel getting it done rather quickly, white had seemed to get the loading panel done and had watched you preform the task, "now lets head to admin, going back through Caf is the fastest way to get there" White grabbed your arm and pulled you towards the exit and into weapons you nearly tripping on your own feet as she pulled you rather quickly. You soon arrived in Admin to find it empty. "well unless you have a task here, just stay here ill be right back" white had stepped further into the room and went over to the card swipe. you couldnt help but feel like she was rushing, she was usually the one to take her time with tasks like card swipe but she kept swiping to fast.

A: ask white if shes alright

B: dont say anything

C: fake a task here (white wont notice you)

Current desperation meter: 3/10 (sry its being slow if you want me to speed it up, just say so)

*012*2020-10-14 18:23

You decide to fake the task seeing as White is to focused on the card to notice you, you walk over to the wires panel near the front and stare at the sparks flying from the wires before closing the panel and moving on back to the entrance, waiting for white to finish her tasks, after awhile the card after to many bad reads gave the green light. White took a deep breath and placed the card down and moved onto the download task, somehow it wasnt freaking out like the one in nav and she had completed it rather quickly. "where to next?" white asked while walking past you looking own into storage then Caf.

A: electrical

B: ask her about before first

C: security

D: let white decide

Current meter: 5/10

*014*2020-10-18 01:48

"electrical" You responded, white nodded lightly and fallowed behind you as you made your way through storage and down into electrical, the buzz of the lights and panels annoyed you lightly as they filled your ears, white moved ahead and looked at the panel that opened to the light switches "alright you do yo-" her words where cut off from the door behind you shutting, the other imposter must have shut it by mistake. "wait.." White walked over and looked at the door, the ship they where on where pretty old, doors that shut would often get stuck trapping people inside for a long period of time someone had to open it from outside, they where still trying to fix that. White groaned and looked back at you "doors jammed, do your tasks" you turned and walked over to the panel and opened it, you glance behind you to see white standing there squirming lightly as she checked the doors wire panel trying to see if she could open it.

A: acknowledge this

B: continue the task

C : open the sabotage panel and see if you can open the door

*016*2020-10-20 01:59

"hey white you ok?" You turn around lightly to see while looking back at you holding two wires in her hand, "its nothing, I just kinda have to use the bathroom..." White turns back to the wires and continues to mess with them in hopes of opening the door, you where not sue how to respond, since you where not like the other crewmates you did not eat, need oxygen or drink anything, you had studied the crewmates for some time to blend in, of course you knew what it was, you would often use it as an excuse to get away from everyone. "uh...ok" you close the panel behind you and lean up against the wall, to be honest as you watched white squirm you couldnt help but find it cute and interesting, White though, didnt seem to be having a fun time constantly shifting on one foot to the other and whining lightly.

A: help her out

B: watch silently

C: open up sabotage panel

*020*2020-10-28 03:09

We need a tie breaker

*022*2020-10-29 01:31

You watch silently as White struggles to open the door, soon enough she gives up closing the panel and turning to you, "Its no use...we have to wait for someone to show up" White slowly sits down on the floor crossing her legs lightly and looking down at the wires that ran across the floor, "so...what do you wana do?" you felt a bit awkward being stuck with someone in a room, you could kill white right now and vent away but, seeing her like this kept you from doing so. 'maybe I should just' you look down at the small sabotage panel you have, you could see what was on cooldown or not, the door cooldown was over it just needed to be tapped.

A: open the door

B: make reactor go off

Don't do anything

*023*2020-11-05 04:45

You select for the reactor to go off, a loud siren runs through the halls and into open rooms though for the closed electrical it was muffled lightly by the door, White stood up with a hopeful glance the sound of footsteps comes faintly from down the hall, you quickly walk to the front of the room, the door opens blue standing there the sirens had stopped, "you got stuck?" you nod quietly "alright well...get back to your tasks" blue walks away without another word, White rushes past you but you gram her arm pulling her back towards you, White looses her footing and stumbles backwards trying to catch herself "h-hey what are you doing?!" you look down towards her feet a small dimmer line ran down and met them. "n-nothing lets just get going" you let go and silently fallow her out of the room (sorry im not that good at this .-.)

A: fallow white

B: go to security

C : go to admin

