Cookie Run

Author: MapleFeather12

*000*2021-10-26 00:51

I just asking to get an idea of the cookie run fans here whos your favorite cookie/cookies (you can list as many as you want) and if you could imagine them in an omorashi experience/fantasy what would it be?

Mine Would be Sorbet Shark Cookie (Land Form I dont really like the Sea Form)

I would imagine since they kinda short and new to the land (in my eyes) they would have trouble opening doors and would be too shy to ask someone for help, I could also imagine it being in public (I love public omos!) and they are so embarrassed. Or maybe they on the team and couldnt hold it until the battle was over, adding their water attack would probably make it harder or give them an excuse.

I do hope I explained that well.

*002*2021-10-26 02:09

{{1 hour ago, LifeIsStrange said:

What on earth is Cookie Run?

}}

A game online that seems to have blown up Cookie Run Kingdom

*004*2021-10-26 21:01

{{14 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

There used to be Cookie Run omorashi before Tumblr got killed off.

}}

Lol

*007*2021-10-27 01:51

{{3 hours ago, yeetwithpee said:

Hey dude im the one who asked for that sorbet omorashi stuff lmfao

But i agree with sorbet tho

I have some scenarios thinking how that could happen

1) No toilets on the captain's boat, too much cider for them amirite? Sorbet has to wait up until they reach land (likely end up in wetting before they reach land or jumping back into the sea to pee there)

2) They got NO idea how do cookies use the restroom at first since back at the ocean they'd usually just let it go somewhere (Likely to end up going on the sand or public wetting)

3) THEY CANT COMMUNICATE you&#39;re RIGHT SO ITS JUST HARD FOR THEM TO POINT OUT WHERES THE RESTROOM and end up wetting infront of however is trying to help, too late they just figured it out

Like:

"Sorbet? Sorry I can't understand you- what are you m-...oh-...oooh."

"oo0oo..."

4) probably them actually making it just in time, but forgetting to close the door...because concept of privacy

5) indeed battle time, and wets after battle, likely gets comforted by their team after it

IS THERE ANY OMORASHI ART OF COOKIE RUN FROM TUMBLR REGARDING SORBET?? OR NO?

}}

I love this so much! those ideas are so cool! I wish I could write up something about them, but I get all nervous and im still trying to get use to it- I do however do some level of rp if your ever interested..I am not that good at it though (also in my eyes sorbet just has that child-like personality which makes it 10x better)

{{30 minutes ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

If there was it's almost definitely gone now.

}}

I wish there was like, more here it couldve been moved easily

*009*2021-10-27 04:09

{{1 hour ago, yeetwithpee said:

I mean sure, but i'm kinda in the anonymous list rn bc i dont want ppl finding out that im here, so if its ok it could be on private msgs from here? or how does it work uh

}}

Yah sure! and thats totally fine lol TwT and you dont have to do it if your hesitant!

*011*2021-10-27 04:25

{{1 minute ago, yeetwithpee said:

Nah im down, be it on the omo site private msgs here im down! u can be sorbet if u wann and ill just be peppermint or sum

}}

Ah alright- ill check my dms in a moment, plz note this is my first time doing this and im really really nervous-

*013*2021-10-27 04:44

{{17 minutes ago, yeetwithpee said:

All good bud

}}

Wait was I suppose to dm you or-

