The Company retreat - Page 2

Author: Markj9494

*023*2021-11-27 01:10

Given the interest in continuing this story, you will be happy to hear I have started work on the next chapter. I also had a think about possible chapters and where I think this could go, I currently have 6 more chapter ideas that should hopefully flow into each other well enough. Most of them don't focus on Catheter play but there will be more for those who enjoy it.

It took quite a while to write this one so I am not going to promise a release schedule. But if you are interested I would follow this story if you want to see more from it. I may intersperse the release of this with any other ideas I have, should they be good enough / get the creative writing juices flowing.

Thank you for the interest and comments, definitely some interesting ideas and I am humbled by the fact people felt interested enough in these characters to want and think more about them beyond what is already written.

I am always interested in seeing what people think / where they want it to go. I don't guarantee anything as I have planned things out a bit more now, but its always fun to see peoples ideas and who knows if they might end up in future chapters.

*029*2021-12-17 11:31

Hi guys, sorry for the wait. Im naturally a slow writer but had some tech issues. Nothing quite like losing your writing to kill your motivation, the second version never feels as good as the original. But I hope you all enjoy it!

Chapter 6: Downhill from here.

Sliding her wet stockings from her legs, Demi felt her skin tingle with elicit energy. Her and India’s romp in the cupboard enough to dissipate the tension of the last day, but apparently not enough to rid her of the intense need and anticipation of what the future would bring for her. Her chest filled with excitement and head full of all the fantasies she had thought up since developing this kink. A kink that she never thought she would find someone to share with, but she had really hit the jackpot with India, the beautiful half dressed woman eyeing her from across the room apparently more than happy to indulge this side of her life.

Towelling down her legs she couldn’t help but think of how she would likely have been doing this today, even if she had been at home. Her plans going out the window, but somehow reaching the same wet conclusion. Although the dull ache still coming from her bladder was reminding her of just how far she had gone this time, reaching limits she would have thought impossible for her. It seemed all she needed was some suitable ruby haired incentive to reach the levels she had dreamed of. Well, that and the possibility of being fired.

Pulling up the business slacks she had seen earlier, she was once again glad of Jessies preparedness when packing. Although with a day still to go anything could happen, she might have to resort to wearing her gym clothes on the way back, but without a full bladder they should be comfortable enough. Inspecting the bottom of her white shirt she could see where it had gotten wet. Tucked into her trousers it had not escaped the torrent that had burst out of her, the bottom of it transparent and still wet.

Changing out of it she left it hanging over the chair, unlike her dress and pants which were completely drenched, she could probably get away with wearing that tomorrow if she needed it. With only one other shirt she may not be able to be picky, depending on what the rest of the day might entail.

Buttoning herself up a fresh shirt she grabbed her jacket and proceeded out to the main room, Sally and Becca finishing up drying the floor. The mop bucket almost overflowing with liquid as they squeezed the groups giant puddle into it.

Walking through there was somewhat of an awkward silence amongst the group now, unsure of what to say or do. They had all lost control of their bladders in a rather spectacular fashion, not that they could blame themselves given the situation. But unlike Demi, for them this was humiliating.

“Where is Lena?” Demi whispered to Jessie who was now dressed in rather more figure-hugging clothes, her tight slacks wrapping around her curves and purple pastel shirt barely containing her breasts. It wasn’t the most professional look with one too many buttons undone, but knowing her housemate well, she was probably trying to feel sexy or at least feminine given what had happened. It was her coping mechanism that she had seen many times, as if convincing herself that she was still attractive, even if she had just pissed herself. Not that Demi could think of a more alluring thing to do, the glistening wetness of her legs, desperate groans and...

“Power is back on so she went to take a call now she can charge her phone.” Jessie nodded towards the corner, their boss sitting with her legs tightly crossed over one another. “But she said be ready to continue this at 11, especially now the powers on.” Jessie concluded, snapping Demi out of it.

“If the power is on, does that mean people are on their way?” Sally asked excitedly.

“God I hope so, I am dying of thirst but I don’t…” Jessie trailed off, her cheeks flushing as she looked down at the brush she was using to sweep up after the mop. The memories still fresh in everyone’s minds and none of them wanting a repeat performance.

“Yeah I hear you. But I’m sure they will be here soon, they said morning and it is almost afternoon.” Demi said, trying to cheer up Jessie and glad to see her shrug in agreement. “Besides, I haven’t finished the product categories, so if you wouldn’t mind not hoping too hard for time to fly by.”

“Well you have 20 minutes” Jessie said smiling, Demi always the forgetful one.

By some small miracle, 20 minutes later the binder was full of scrawled notes, rough summaries of functions and all sorts of random phrases that she hoped would still make sense to her in the presentation. Clicking the binder closed she leant back, sipping the cup of coffee India had brought her. Her Co-worker handing over the cup with a wink that she wasn’t sure if it was a good or bad sign, but given the disturbed sleep she figured her other needs were more important. Plus, having just peed for the first time in a day and a half, she figured she could handle one coffee.

“Alright then, shall we try this again and this time lets try and act a little more adult, should we.” Lena said harshly, sitting down in her chair and placing a pitcher of water on the table while sipping from yet another cup of coffee.

Blushing the women looked anywhere but towards her as she reminded them of their accident.

“Right then Demi I think you were going to take us through your thoughts on a marketing strategy.”

“Sure” Demi said smiling, standing up and feeling much happier and comfortable than she had last time she tried this.

“So looking at their products I think there are four potential marketing strategies. We have the usual direct to hospital strategy that we have done before, along with a campaign we can do as direct to consumers. I think its more common in the US but it should be possible to create suitable marketing portfolios for them.” Demi started, flicking through to some of her notes and just about able to read her own handwriting. Looking up she was relieved to see the others all listening intently, including Lena who at least seemed less upset about their accidents now they were back on track after a short clean up.

Getting into full flow she managed to summarise her strategy with a combination of the notes and on the fly decisions that seemed to be going down well. Lena apparently agreeing with the strategy she had outlined over the last 35 minutes. But just as she was coming to the end of it, she couldn’t help but pause. A strange scraping noise coming from somewhere outside.

“Oh my god, there here!” Sally said happily, a couple of them standing and moving towards the door eager to escape their overnight prison.

“Where do you think you are going, we are in a meeting!” Lena said crossly.

“But…” Sally mumbled before sitting back in her chair reluctantly.

“What has gotten into you lot, really! The level of unprofessionalism on this trip is incredibly worrying. First you disgrace yourselves and now you act like this, like children hearing an ice cream van and unable to control themselves, in more than one way.” Lena chastised the group again. “I know we are out of the office but I do hope you won’t embarrass yourselves in front of the client this afternoon.” She finished, the room falling silent other than the tapping of Lena’s pen against the table.

Even without needing to pee, Demi could understand the others eagerness to get out of the cabin for some fresh air. They had been stuck in here for 18 hours and now it seemed the air as well as the atmosphere was becoming a little stale, a faint lingering smell of their earlier accident still detectable from the soaked clothing strewn around the rooms.

But sighing internally she went back to her talk, the noises outside getting louder and closer with each minute that passed. Her co-workers around the table clearly paying more attention to those noises than what she was saying, but she didn’t care. As long as Lena was satisfied, she could catch the others up later.

Finally, at just after 12 o’clock and as she was wrapping up, Demi could hear shovels clanging against the outside of the building. Shafts of sun light breaking through the window as the top layer of snow was removed.

“Anyone in there!” A strangely cheery voice shouted.

Looking at Lena their boss simply waved a hand dismissively. “I think that was about it for the marketing anyway” she said dismissively, giving into to them finally and pouring herself a glass of water.

“Yes, we are in here” Sally said, almost bolting from her seat the moment she was given permission.

“We will have you out in a jiffy” The man replied. “Most of the road out here is clear but cant get the vehicles to this bit because of the dip, don’t want to beach them.”

“Its no problem.” Sally replied, just happy to be able to see out of the building finally. The slightly grey sky and low clouds doing nothing to diminish their enthusiasm for wanting to leave.

A few minutes later the group heard the door chime and this time, it successfully slid open. A cold breeze flowing into the room as they all sighed in relief at the refreshing air. Grabbing her coat Demi followed the others, excitedly stepping out of the building and into the snow. The area around them now clear of snow, large piles of it placed around the buildings and car park. The sound of dripping surrounding them as the snow melted away from every recess of all the buildings that it had piled up on. Several of the windows of the main lodge broken and a rather annoyed looking woman was currently shouting at a man with a clip board who seemed to be inspecting the damage.

“Sorry it took so long for us to get to you.” The luminous orange man said, his raincoat and overalls almost too bright to look at. “We had a few more priorities at the bottom than we knew about when we gave you the estimate. Don’t usually get avalanches on this side, hope it didn’t cause you any problems.”

“No, nothing” Becca said hastily, blushing madly and a hand unconsciously moving to cover her bladder.

“Oh god, its nice to be out of there though.” Jessie said loudly, straightening her back out like she had been trapped in a cramped space and not a large luxury lodge. Taking a lung full of cold air Demi felt the sun on her face, the anxiety of being trapped finally ebbing away. But just as she felt herself beginning to relax, she spotted a large black SUV pulling up to the lodge. Its windows heavily tinted and exterior spotless.

“Ah, this must be our contact.” Lena said excitedly, moving towards it before turning back. “Go set up the presentation quickly. I wasn’t expecting them given the roads, but it seems they must be clearer than I thought”

Switching into Business mode Demi nodded for the others to follow while taking a moment to smooth out some of the creases in her shirt. Sweeping her slightly matted hair from her face she regretted not brushing it earlier when she had the chance. Reaching the lodge she quickly grabbed a hair tie from her bag, pulling her medium brown hair into a tight pony tail.

Looking at her still wet clothes she couldn’t help but feel a certain fondness for them, despite the uncomfortable and difficult situation that had led to them. Her tough time quickly forgotten now it was over and replaced with lustful memories. Reaching over to her sodden underwear she rubbed the wet material between two fingers, a few drops leaving the still saturated cotton and coating her fingers.

Shit, the bucket! Demi snapped out of her trance, remembering the mop bucket still filled to the brim with her and her co-workers piss. There was no way they could get it outside without anyone noticing. Leaving her room she found the others tidying the place, pushing and hiding the stuff that littered the floor. From their bags to errant pieces of paper blown across the floor as the door opened, the place was a bit of a mess. Finding the bucket pushed into a corner of the kitchen she really wished this place had a sink, drain or anything really…although that would have likely stopped the fun last night. Pushing the sloshing evidence slowly she placed it back into the cupboard they had found it.

Looking down she could still make out the wet imprints of where her and India had pleasured each other on the wooden floor this morning. A wet sheen covering the floor, the room still not cleaned, but in a strange way she felt it would be a shame to do so.

Quickly leaving those thoughts behind she moved to the meeting room, turning on the projector as they each grabbed their notes, mentally preparing for the presentation they were to give. For her part Demi had just done it, but even so she couldn’t help but feel she wasn’t ready. The others had been given weeks to prep for this, she’d had one day, and not a very focused one at that. Grabbing a glass from the set Lena had brought in she poured herself some water, her mouth still dry. But is seemed she wasn’t the only one, the rest of them rushing over to do the same.

Jessie hastily downed her first glass of water like she had gone days without a drink. Quickly pouring herself another and drinking that normally. The others each joining in with a second glass and draining the pitcher between them. Grabbing the empty pitcher Demi went to refill it, conscious her boss might not be pleased if there wasn’t anything to drink available to her or the clients. She had always stressed the importance of making the people they worked for feel comfortable and at home. The simple gesture of water usually a good way to settle them in and also give their hands something to do.

A few minutes later a blast of cold air swept through the building as Lena entered, joined by a man and a woman. The tall blonde behind clearly a secretary or assistant, her arms full of binders and items, while he just appeared to be in a partially undone shirt with his sleeves rolled up, despite the temperature.

Walking towards them Demi could see him eyeing them all up and down, almost evaluating them a little bit. It wasn’t unusual in business meetings, although it was something usually reserved for checking out the competition to find weaknesses, not people you are hiring to work for you.

“Hi, im Chuck” The man said, leaning in to greet them all with a firm double handed handshake. “Its nice to meet you, nice to meet you, its especially nice to meet you.” He said, taking Jessies hand and kissing it. His move probably looking good in his head, but they could all instantly feel the lecherous energy coming off him. Maybe Demi had given him too much credit for why he was giving them a once over. “How are you girls doing. I heard you had some problems last night.” Chuck said, forcing a cheesy customer service smile that Demi wondered if he knew how bad it was.

Greeting them she picked up the pitcher of water, moving around the table to pour everyone a glass of water and feeling his eyes following her. Pouring the water into his assistant’s glass she couldn’t help but notice her professional expression faulter slightly.

“No, nothing too major. Now about these products.” Lena countered as they took their seats in the meeting room.

“Straight to business, I like it” He said pointing a finger at Lena before leaning back heavily in his chair and putting his feet on the spotless glass table. A move that Demi was surprised didn’t make Lena combust on the spot, but she was a professional. “We have already drawn up some ideas of our own.” He said, indicating to his assistant to hand out something.

“I was under the impression you were hiring us to do this?” Lena replied trying to sound as patient as possible, accepting the pack of papers from his assistant and starting to hand them around the table to the others.

“Well yes, but we have our own guys looking at this. We just need you to, you know, juush it up a bit, slap some marketing wisdom on and ship it out there.” He said, his hand mimicking a plane taking off before he winked at her assistant as she returned to her seat next to him.

“Have these been proven?” Demi asked, inspecting the page that had been passed around. The bold claims over what some of the pills do causing her some ethical concern.

“What?” Chuck asked, staring at her disapprovingly. A look almost identical to the one she used to get if she interrupted Lena, before quickly learning not to.

“These are not in the list of uses on the documents they sent over.” She said, sliding the page towards him and pointing at the section to the right

“No, that’s why it clearly says here, may…help…with” He said, leaning in and reading the last part condescendingly slowly. “They are off label benefits” he continued, his dismissive tone again suggesting that it should be clear and common sense what that means.

“But its literally on the label.” India said, coming to Demi’s defence as she pulled out one of their mock-ups that showed the packet of pills with the very claims he said was off label, written on the front of it.

“Do we have a problem here?” Chuck asked, his face appearing serious for the first time since he had arrived and sitting forward in his chair. “We are not going door to door selling false promises or girl scout cookies. You are not the medical professionals, so for you it doesn’t matter if it works or not. We just need you to help us sell them and help us meet our quota. This isn’t rocket science, you are selling products that people need. You just need to convince them to buy our brand and not our competitors.”

Pausing for a moment he looked at them expectantly as Dem shifted uncomfortably at where this was going. “This should be the easiest job you guys get, take our ideas, put them into a campaign I can take to my supervisors and that is that. You get paid, I get paid, everyone is happy.”

“We can certainly look over them and make some suggestions.” Lena said trying to dissipate the tension, smiling sweetly at the man who seemed her complete opposite in professionalism.

“Perfect. Now then who wants to go Skiing?” Chuck said happily clapping his hands together and standing up, not letting anyone continue this line of questioning or worse, letting their morals get in the way of money making.

“Skiing?” Sally said, confused by the sudden change in topic. What about their presentation they had been working on all month?

“Yeah you know, the long things people put on their feet, with poles to push forwards” he said miming the action and clearly finding himself hilarious.

“I thought this was a business meeting about our collaboration?” Lena said confused.

“It is, which means we can write off the expenses” Chuck said happily, making Demi wonder If this was the whole reason for meeting here at this resort. He didn’t seem that interested in their work, or working himself for that matter. Maybe this was all just a write off, it wouldn’t be the first client trying to stretch out a project so they can earn more money by making it take longer than necessary. Although this was the most transparent attempt, much less pointless back and forth before settling for the original.

Hopping in the minibus 45 minutes later, the group and their new rental gear followed the posh black car further up the mountain. Fresh snowfall hitting the windows as Demi rubbed her hands together, thankful for the new gloves and cold weather coats Chuck and his company had paid for. Turning the next bend she could see back down the mountain, their lodge now a small spec in the distance. The realisation hitting Demi they still hadn’t technically checked in. After arriving yesterday they had been stuck in the business lodge before being swept up by Chuck and taken to the rental shop next door. Hopefully that wouldn’t cause any issues later, she would quite like an actual bed to sleep in. The benches good enough for an exhausted nights sleep, but not really something she wanted to repeat.

Sipping on the free large coffee given to them while waiting in the shop she enjoyed the warmth of it spreading through her. Wiggling her feet to keep them warm in the large boots she was now wearing, they remind her of the boot she had been stuck with after tearing her Achilles playing football at University. She had been stuck with it for 8 long weeks, made even longer by the fact she couldn’t shower easily or more importantly…wet herself. It had been tempting at times, living on her own for the first time she had really embraced her fetish. Quite often peeing in the shower each morning still wearing her pyjama’s before showering in them too. Those years had definitely been the most extreme in terms of her embracing her fetish, unleashed with her freedom from her parents house. But those 8 weeks had been hard, showing her quite how addicted to it she had become. Although of all the things to become addicted to at Uni, this wasn’t exactly the worst.

Finishing off her coffee Demi looked ahead out the front window, able to see the black car they were following. Despite her misgivings about Chuck, she couldn’t help but feel excited to go skiing. She had never been before, but always wanted to try it. She had gone through phases of trying most sports, including some of the more intense or extreme ones, not none had captured her interest, or were simply to expensive to do often. But with the exhilaration of rushing down the slopes, maybe this would be another one to add to her hobbies.

It was kind of strange now that she thought about it, her working life seemingly as safe as possible and taking no risks, and yet she loved things that took her out of her comfort zone as pass times. Maybe she would have to start taking more risks in her business life too. She had been passed up for promotion several times and had never really complained or thought much of it. But maybe the next time would be the last. Given her experience, she was sure there would be a lot of places that would take her. Although given what had happened over the last 24 hours, she wasn't sure if it made her more or less likely to want to change.

“What are you smiling about?” India asked from the chair in front.

Had she been smiling? Maybe she wanted this move away more than she realised, or maybe it was the memories she had brought up from University. Her free hand subtly gravitating towards her crotch in search of the feeling that usually accompanied those morning wettings.

“Just looking forward to skiing.” Demi replied, getting a smile back from India who had apparently been watching her and wasn’t buying it for one second.

Turning her attention back to the window she could see them slowly approaching the base of the giant Ski slope, a large visitors station looking unaffected by the nights avalanche.

“Here we go ladies” Chuck said, sliding the door open and bowing to them for some reason. His white puffer jacket making him look more like a James bond villain than the cool guy he was probably going for.

“Thanks…” Demi replied as she reluctantly accepted his hand and help out of the minibus. The gentle squeeze of his hand feeling almost weird and slightly too long. She felt a little bad for being this against him since he had never actually done anything to her. But given his demeanour and how he spoke in the meeting, she wasn’t too worried about it.

Exhaling deeply as they walked towards the station she saw her breath condense in the cold air, the higher altitude adding to the wind chill as it blasted past. Pulling the zipper on her coat up an extra inch she felt the first twinges from her bladder. It was strange for her to feel them this soon after peeing, but given what she had put her body through it probably shouldn’t have surprised her.

“Alright then our chariots await.” Chuck said happily, walking towards the ski lift and leaving the rest of them to lug their skis along with them. His assistant currently carrying both her own and his under each arm.

Waiting in line for the gondola carriages to take them to the top of the slope, Demi couldn’t help but watch as Chuck tried to flirt awkwardly with Jessie. Lena for her part was accidentally protecting her employee by bringing up things about their contract or work, to his apparent annoyance as she sipped on her second large coffee. It seemed clear to everyone but her, that he wasn’t here for work at this point. For him this was a trip for fun, never mind the rest of them.

Slowly the first carriage arrived, the small white coloured box slowly rotating around the station and stopping ahead of them. Not large enough for the entire group in one go, Lena made sure to be on it with Chuck, while he himself made sure to keep Jessie close even at the expense of his assistant being forced to stay behind. But a knowing look on the woman’s face seemed to suggest this wasn’t the first or last time he put his interests above her.

“Hi, I’m Demi” She said introducing herself finally now their bosses were gone. The pair stowing their skis together as the next carriage arrived and offering her a hand to shake.

“I’m Beth” The blonde said, taking and shaking it gently.

Taking their seats they looked out of the large glass windows, the wind picking up and throwing blusters of snow up against the cabin.

“So have any of you been skiing before?” Beth asked the group, curling a leg up on the small bench they shared.

“I have a few times.” India replied raising her hand, but it seemed she was the only one.

"You will all be fine, trust me. I was never a sporty type and I picked it up pretty quickly." Best said, smiling at the group.

“So have you been a lot?” Maggie asked, opening her bag and pulling out a packet of crisps.

“A few times, Mr Dowell likes to arrange these meeting in places like this so its comes with the territory.”

“Must be nice.” India said, but just got a knowing shrug from Beth who it seemed didn’t want to make to much out of it.

Not wanting to press something she didn’t want to talk about Demi simply looked out at the snowy expanse passing by. Skiers passing by quickly 10 meters below them, blurs of colourful hats and reflective coats. It was weird, but it was only now that Demi was realising she was in another country. She had basically not interacted with anyone or anything beyond what she would have ordinarily. But breaking through the cloud layer a minute later there was no mistake where she was, a vista of snowy capped mountains and blue sky extended to the horizon. It really was beautiful.

“Woah” Maggie said as they all felt the carriage lurch slightly on the cable. Their movement stopping as it swung gently in place.

“What was that?” Demi asked nervously.

“Is it me, or are we not moving?” India said standing up to look out the windows more clearly. Skiers still shooting by under them without a care in the world, everything appeared as it had done seconds before.

“Maybe its just high winds and they have to pause is for a minute?” Beth said, the others feeling a little more comfortable since she had been here before. But a few minutes later they were still sat, their progress paused about halfway up the mountain.

“Attention Skiers, we apologise for any inconvenience, there has been a power outage as they make emergency repairs to a powerline that supplies us after yesterday’s avalanche.” A voice came over the intercom. The speaker going silent as quickly as it had come to life, the person on the other end clearly feeling what they had said was more than enough to explain the situation.

“Seriously!.” Sally said, clearly annoyed at being stuck once again, a sentiment all of them shared. They had only just gotten out of one location and now they were stuck in another. The universe seemingly intent on making them suffer, or at least stop them enjoying themselves.

Slouching back on the benches the group let out a collective sigh, stuck again.

“It could be worse” India offered up to the group.

“How could It be worse?” Sally asked, staring out the window with a hand resting up against the glass. It reflecting back the worried and unhappy looking woman’s face as she watched the skiers go past below, ignorant of their situation.

“We could be with Lena and Chuck” India smirked, managing to get a chuckle from Beth and lightening the mood considerably.

“He seems like such a schmoozer, no offense” Maggie said, adding the last part as she remembered Beth was his employee and technically also their partner for this project.

“He’s not that bad. He just, likes to think he is one of the good guys.” The blonde haired woman responded, clearly a little uncomfortable to be talking negatively about him.

“That explains all the “chivalrous” behaviour. He is one of those people who thinks if they do stuff like that it excuses other behaviour.” Demi replied, the picture clicking into place for her. Without saying anything Beth just smiled, touching her finger to her nose and causing the others to laugh.

“So why do you work for him?” India asked.

“I get paid a lot and you might have noticed he doesn’t work that much. I wont stay with him forever, but its hard to say no to that combination.”

“You’re using him” Maggie replied, clearly appreciating Beths work.

“We are using each other.” Beth countered, clearly looking a bit uncomfortable and perhaps wondering if she had said too much.

“So, what do you want to do?” Demi asked as she put her feet up on the seat, hugging her legs. Her bladder protesting for a moment as she squeezed it.

“Oh, I love the company. I would just look to go into the product development. I actually qualified as a nurse before taking this job. But the product team get paid a fraction of what I do… But enough about me, what about you guys, what’s it like working for Lena?”

“Its good, but she can be a little…intense?” Demi replied politically. It was the truth, but at the same time she felt bad about being negative towards Lena. Her boss was the ultimate professional and simply held others to her level, no matter the consequences. She would never ask anyone to do anything she wasn’t prepared to do, even with this weird bathroom thing she had been there right with them. After all, if Demi hadn’t been filled with the others bladders, she would probably have been totally fine. A little desperate, but nothing like what had actually happened.

“So what do we do now?” Sally asked dejectedly as she sat back down.

“I guess we wait, cant be that long right.” Demi said hopefully.

35 minutes later the group was sat around in almost silence, the small talk dying down as the cold set in. Thankfully the pods came equipped with emergency boxes that included foil blankets they had wrapped around themselves. The gentle crinkling of the material the only sound for the last couple of minutes other than the gentle patter of the snow being blown into the large windows.

“Hey guys…its worse” Sally said awkwardly, her face burning a little red as she sat rigidly with her legs pressed against each other. Her posture already cluing Demi into what she meant, she had been seeing the signs from her for some time now. The morning coffee and water clearly working their way through her system and making her more and more uncomfortable.

“Whats worse?” asked Maggie, her own posture slightly strange and her legs clearly crossed tightly over each other.

“When India said it could be worse…well it is, I need to use the bathroom.” Sally admitted reluctantly, her right foot begging to bounce up and down on the spot. She had been trying to hide her desperation, but having just announced it there seemed little point to that now.

“How badly?” asked India, Demi wondering if it was out of lustful curiosity or from genuine concern. A strange part of her mind feeling almost jealous that someone else’s need was getting India’s attention instead of her.

“Pretty badly, I don’t know how much longer I can hold it.” She replied, the second half of the sentence getting more and more quiet.

“Yeah, I kind of need to go too. We haven’t gone since…this morning and its almost 2pm.” Maggie said, eyeing Beth as she tried to skirt admitting they had all wet themselves this morning. Her legs uncrossing and re-crossing the other way around, a hand sitting gently in her lap.

“I have to admit, I do need the bathroom myself. But it doesn’t seem like there is anything we can do about it.” Beth said calmly, trying on a smile to make them feel better.

“Why is the world out to get me.” Sally moaned, standing up and beginning to pace around the tiny cabin like a caged animal. Its size meaning she was only taking three steps before having to turn around.

“What…what if there was something we could do about it?” India said, stealing a glance at Demi before pulling out the catheter device they had used the night before.

“Why do you still have that?” Maggie asked, her face slightly disgusted but also relaxed as they now had a way out of holding.

“I didn’t want Lena to find it.” India said calmly, Maggie shrugging it off or simply not caring.

“What makes you think I am going to agree to this again?” Demi said sternly.

“Because this is a tiny cabin that means we would all get covered if anyone tries to pee in here. Plus, we don’t want to meet Chuck covered in our pee do we.” India said, raising some good points and almost sounding as if that was the real reason she wanted to do this. Demi silently wondering why she had the device, had she planned something for the two of them? Either way, it sure was “Lucky” that she had it to hand.

“Ok, but we cant just do this in front of Beth, she is our client and its not very professional is it?” Demi said, trying one last challenge, not for the sake of her bladder but because she didn’t want to appear eager, the others might start to question it.

“Well, I am sure Beth would give us confidentiality if we allow her to relieve herself too.”

“I am sorry, what is going on here?” Beth asked, clearly confused.

“Ummm…so we were trapped last night and used your catheter system to…pass liquid between us.” India explained, trying not to go into too much detail.

“Oh…”Beth said, pausing for a moment as her mouth opened to say something before closing again for a few seconds. “That’s really interesting”. To their surprise, rather than being disgusted by them, it seemed she was genuinely intrigued by what they were suggesting. “Its not a product I had ever thought about before, but I can see the possible applications for this.” She said, staring thoughtfully at what was in India’s hand.

“Can you?” Maggie said, scrunching her face up in disbelief.

“Ok great, we all love the idea. Can we get on with it.” Sally interrupted, now marching on the spot with her hands clenching rhythmically.

Handing Sally the tube she wasted no time in lowering her skiing trousers and attaching the device. Doing the same Demi couldn’t help but shiver as she exposed her bare skin to the cold temperatures.

Now proficient in performing this duty it took mere moments for the process to be completed, the urine flowing from Sally and into Demi. The strange warmth and tightness filling her abdomen once more as her tired muscles complained. Her bladder that had already been warning her of her own need, was now rapidly inflating inside her as Sally peed, the morning coffee really going through the small woman and now into her.

Blushing slightly, Demi couldn’t help but notice the captivated stare of Beth as she watched what was happening in front of her. Was she into this as well, or was it just her curiosity and interest in the procedure? Either way, having someone watching what they were doing so intently was both exciting and a little embarrassing. She was their business client, a professional contact within the industry. Yet here she was, watching Demi’s bladder swell from being filled by a co-worker, soon to be replaced as Sallys short stream ran dry.

“My turn, then you can go if India doesn’t mind waiting?” Maggie said, accepting the device from the much-relieved Sally who sagged back down into one of the seats. “Why does this keep happening” she said sighing contently and lounging back, a sentiment that Demi shared as the second batch of pee began rushing into her. The first load still causing some strife in her bladder.

“I don’t need to go.” India said, herself looking a little red faced and flustered as she watched. The attention Demi was getting from her turning what should have been a horrible sensation into something much more fun. Her lover watching as her bladder grew and grew, the desperation getting worse and worse, a tantalising prospect for both women.

This time there was considerably less pressure from Maggie, the last time the poor woman must really have been about to burst. But even so, while the pee was flowing into her slower, it seemed just as copious as her aching bladder really began to protest. The gentle warm numbness and subtle complaints, being replaced by the all too familiar pulses and ache she had battled all of yesterday. Her bladder once again stretching to its limits as it accepted its second bladder full of pee. The sensations not helped by the sudden and massive influx, compared to the partial pees she had taken before. But even so, this felt far more manageable.

Rubbing her bloating organ Demi was glad to feel the flow stop as Maggie disconnected herself. Her pee putting a dent in her capacity for sure, but Demi was in no doubt she could still comfortably hold more. The aches and pulses would dissipate soon enough, she had taken at least this amount on what she had believed was a full bladder yesterday. Although she would have to be careful not to strain herself too much, her body still recovering from being pushed and filled so much.

“Are you sure its ok?” Beth asked nervously, taking the end of the device she had been handed.

“Its ok, as long as we keep this between us.” Demi nodded, trying to fight the instinctual tightening of her muscles as a pulse hit her harder than she expected.

“Ok thank you” The blonde haired woman said as she adjusted her skirt and leggings underneath.

“Ohhhahhh” Beth moaned in relief as she peed, the woman clearly feeling more of a need than she was letting on moments earlier. A clear stream of pee rushing out of her and through the tube. Despite her confidence, Inside Demi the pressure was increasing exponentially. Unlike the others which had taken her from comfortable to uncomfortable, this was taking her even further. Her skin was stretching more and more as Beth continues to pee, blissfully unaware of what Demi was feeling. The brunette’s muscles starting to twitch as she tried not to squirm, her legs gently brushing against one another as she put on a brave face.

On and on the pee went, for almost 40 seconds the slim blonde peed and it wasn’t like she was a slow pee’er. Her bladder was just seemingly bigger than the others of the group, her un-desperate state a mirage of how much she was holding. A small ocean of pee that had now forced itself through the tube and into Demi. A sheen of sweat was building up on her face and body, her lips pursed and squeezed shut as she struggled not to groan, her bladder beginning to struggle in earnest. But she had agreed to this, there couldn’t be much more…could there?

Beth’s substantial pee was starting to worry her, breaking her confidence slightly as she expanded, her body now bloated substantially with her clients pee. The rapid inflation causing all sorts of ripples and painful pulses to race through her, some she hadn’t even felt last time the others had forced her to hold their pee.

Resting a hand on her bladder as it continued to grow she could feel the pee bubbling away inside, vibrations from her twitching muscles making it seem like she could feel the pee rushing into her, or maybe she could? Biting her lip she gently rubbed the balloon like tightness in her skin hoping for some comfort, but only sending static electric like shocks racing across its taught surface.

Finally Beth’s pee ended after almost a minute, the blonde carefully adjusting herself and making her clothes presentable. Still sitting on the floor Demi wedging her left foot under herself to jam her muscles closed. The pressure inside of her much greater than it had been, but slowly ebbing away as her body adjusted to its new load once more. Even so, while she could feel her body adjusting to her uncomfortable fullness, she had to keep reminding herself that she had taken more than this before.

Groaning lightly, she heaved herself up and back onto one of the benches, just in time to feel the cabin lurch. The movement causing the contents of her bladder to shift, pulling out another moan of discomfit from between her lips. A spasm causing her hole body to shudder and muscles to weaken for a moment. But looking out of the window, she could see they were on their way once more.

“Really…” She lamented out loud, getting a crooked smile from India. The universe once again testing her, if they had just had a bit more patience then they could have all just gone at the top. They had miss timed it by a matter of minutes, but maybe this was a blessing in disguise.

Feeling her bladder throb she focused on it, enjoying the desperate and forbidden feeling again that made her breath catch in her chest. Last night had gone a little further than she ideally wanted too in terms of discomfort, pushing herself well beyond the edge of anything she had known previously. But now, as she sat there almost filled to bursting point again, she could enjoy it, especially knowing that she would soon be at a toilet. Allowing herself a moment she squirmed slightly, pressing a hand between her toned legs, enjoying the look and hard swallow it elicited from India. The other woman’s face blushing slightly as she couldn’t help but watch as Demi squirmed. As much as India was in charge of her bladder, she still had control over the other woman and was able to push all the buttons she wanted.

Removing her hand as she felt her bladder calm a little, a simple cross of the leg sufficient to support her muscles and keep her bladder in check, for the time being. looking across the cabin she noticed Beth scrawling something on a piece of paper. Was she taking notes about what had just happened? She said she was interested in product design, but what could she possibly be thinking? Surely this wasn’t something that happened frequently, or maybe there was a demand for these products she wasn’t aware of. Either way she was happy to be on the move and so it seemed were the others.

Arriving at the top 10 minutes later they once again stepped out into the cold, the wind at this altitude much colder and whipping past faster than it had been at the bottom. Moving forwards out of the hut they quickly noticed Lena and Jessie standing to the side in rapt conversation.

“Where are the others?” Beth asked as the group reassembled, clearly worried she had been forgotten by her boss as she carted his ski’s along.

“Oh, they couldn’t control themselves again and have gone to find the bathrooms. As for your boss, he mentioned something about compensation.” Lena said, clearly frustrated by the basic need to pee that her employees her exhibiting again.

But looking at her boss, Demi was surprised it wasn’t Lena who had run off. The bulge in her abdomen she had seen this morning still there and if possible, it even seemed to have grown. Their boss clearly full but unwilling to give into her needs and making Demi wonder how much she could hold before she burst like the rest of them. She had always thought of herself as having a far above average bladder, proven true by her exploits yesterday. But for Lena to still be holding more than 24 hours later and after drinking so much, perhaps her giant bladder wasn’t alone here.

“Well if we are waiting, I think I could do with a drink.” India said, looking towards the visitors centre and coffee shop that was here at the top of the mountain.

“Good idea, if you wouldn’t mind getting me a refill.” Lena said, taking out the large thermos she had apparently added to the two large coffees, coffee pot and bottle of water she’d drunk so far today, despite it only being early afternoon. A tally Demi was quietly keeping track of in fascination with her bosses bladder and its capabilities. She had never seen her remotely desperate to pee, even after working with her for years, she never even saw her entertain the idea of using the toilet at work. Although to be fair, it was rare for her to use it as well. India quickly took the empty thermos eagerly from her boss and exchanging a look with Demi as if she was thinking the same thing she had moments before.

“Good news ladies!” A voice called from beside them as a very happy looking Chuck walked towards them. “I have managed to get us all a free skiing lesson package as compensation for being stuck.”

“Awesome” Sally said, seeming genuine in her appreciation of his efforts. Gratefully accepting the pass and some other things from Chuck. He sure did know how to get the most out of anything, Demi beginning to read through the leaflet he had given her as well.

“We just need to wait for the others to come back from the bathroom.” Maggie replied. Her sentiment causing a ripple of discomfort to flow through Demi. Maybe she should go and find the toilets before this, the pulses in her bladder strong enough to worry her now let alone when she was exerting herself.

Rubbing her distended bladder Demi felt it still protesting, but now with a pleasurable warmth and desperation. Her gently rubbing soothing it slightly, even as it added to the pressure and need to pee she felt.

“I think I might go and…” She started.

“Hi guys, I got you all something.” India said loudly, cutting her off and appearing with Jessie and the others. Each of them holding a large beverage of some sort.

“Here you go boss, they weren’t able to fill up your thermos from the coffee machine, so I got you a tea in that, but I got you a coffee separately.” She said handing over the large thermos and giant coffee. Lena grateful accepting them both, stowing the thermos and taking the coffee to hand. Her bottomless bladder only tied for size with her bottomless need and ability to drink coffee.

Watching India, Demi instantly spotted the other large coffees in her hands, sighing as she realised what India was doing. There was no way this was pure generosity, she wanted her to drink more to increase her desperation. But to disguise it she had bought one for everyone. The slim and secretly scheming woman handing each of them a large cup of coffee, the others thanking her genuinely, but Demi knew her game.

“Were you going to say something Demi?” Lena asked, already drinking steadily from her cup.

“I….its nothing.” Demi shrugged off, catching India’s gaze who just smiled at her, causing her heart and bladder to flutter slightly. Why was this so enticing, Demi kicked herself.

Slamming her feet onto the ski’s to lock her boots into place Demi’s couldn’t stop herself from letting out a grunt. The shockwaves flowing through her bladder and causing some immense discomfort as her muscles retracted and its contents sloshed violently around inside her.

“Alright then guys, lets start out simple.” The guide said, the rugged Swiss man capturing the attention of many of the women of the group.

“All I want you to do is climb up the slope like this.” He said, twisting sideways and side stepping up the slope with ease. “Then when you get to that market post there, just slowly come back down. Remember you slow down by twisting your feet inwards into a V, but be careful not to cross the ski’s.”

Stepping up the slope Demi felt her thighs burning and in a strange way taking her mind off her bladder. But coming back down was another thing, pushing off she could feel each and every tiny bump reverberating up through her legs, the semi squatting position doing nothing for her predicament as her poor bladder pulsed viciously inside her.

Stopping at the bottom she couldn’t help but throw a hand between her legs for a moment, squeezing her crotch and blushing madly when the instructor asked her if everything was ok. But despite this, it seemed she was a natural, or at least not a total novice. Her and India managing to go up and down several times with no issues, graduating to the slightly larger slope next to it while the other remained behind. The pair of them sidling up next to each other one foot at a time.

“Oooah” Demi groaned, her bladder really starting to burn inside of her. Her overloaded organ stretched from its contents and now from this exercise. Each time she had to separate her legs over the last 30 minutes it was getting harder and harder, threatening to spell the end of her control. She didn’t feel as dangerously full as last time, but unlike then she wasn’t just sat around doing nothing. Plus she could already feel her defences beginning to fatigue, each time she reached the bottom they needed the reassurance of a squeeze of her hands. The Coffee India had bought her speeding through her system and joining the copious lake of liquid already inside her.

“Oh god” She whimpered again, doubling over as a particularly strong pulse hit her.

“That bladder of yours must be feeling pretty full by now.” India said beside her, the red head having watched intently as the battle between Demi and her bladder heated up.

“Yes it is, I wonder why?” Demi shot back sarcastically, still bent over.

“Shame…” India said wistfully.

“What’s a shame?”

“I was just thinking it’s a shame you are not allowed to pee until we reach the bottom of the hill.” India said, laying down the challenge to Demi and her bladder. Feeling another pulse Demi knew she should just say no, ignore the crazy woman intent on torturing her. But she couldn’t, the allure of the challenge, the fantasy of once again being at her mercy too much for her primitive mind.

“Just you wait” Demi said, scowling playfully at India and accepting the bet, her bladder throbbing inside her as she finally stood up straight.

“For what?” India said playfully biting on her finger innocently.

“For your turn, don’t think I will be going lightly on you after everything you have done to me.” Demi said playfully sternly, but she was testing their relationship now. This time yesterday she had barely known India and now here she was trying to be the dominant one. Would she go for it, or was this a one way road, not that Demi minded either way.

“Well then, this kitty has claws.” India growled, clearly enjoying the more authoritative display from Demi despite the wiggles and restricted pee dancing that was going on. “But you should know, you are not the only one with an iron bladder. So I wouldn’t get your hopes up too far.” She added confidently nodding. “Now I think we should finish up here and head for a drink before starting down the hill, don’t you?” she added, possibly spurred on by the authoritative moment from Demi and keep to show her who was the boss this time.

Feeling tingles of lust, excitement and desperation mixing in her abdomen Demi could barely move her legs. Willing them not to fail on her now as she unsteadily started after India back down the slope once more, her heart beating a little faster now as she almost chased after her partner. The excitement she was feeling less from the skiing and much more because she had just crossed another boundary. India was up for her challenges too, so as much as Demi had enjoyed being filled to her absolute limit, it would be fun to do the same to India.

Ever since the admission of interest and India peeing freely in front of their boss she had been wondering about it, did she like holding as well, would India hold for her until she burst, or was it going to be just her desperately paraded around by the ruby headed woman? Even just that would have been enough for her, but for her to be willing to hold just added a new layer to what the two of them could get up to together, the possibilities endless and her previous desires and dreams flooding her mind like she was 16 again.

“Well done guys, that’s it for this lesson.” Their instructor said as the group gathered around. “Demi, India, I am not sure how much more you will get out of this slope. You have both picked it up quickly so if you want to move onto the main slope then I would feel comfortable with you both doing so. The rest of you can as well of course, but I am available for another 45 minute session here if you want it.”

Eyeing her India raised her eyebrows at Demi, it wasn’t hard to figure out why. So grabbing their skis and leaving the others too it they left the beginners park and headed towards the main slope.

“Lets head into the visitor centre for a drink first.” India interjected as they approached it.

“God, I do not need another drink.” Demi moaned

“Perfect” India smiled as the made their way over, Demi rolling her eyes at her.

Finding a bench outside Demi allowed herself a moment to squeeze herself, the pressure giving her some much needed support as India went to order their drinks. The heavy weight inside her only increasing as all of the drinks she had already had today mixed with the contents from her already full bladder. Under her warm winters clothes she could feel it stretching out of her and pressing against her leggings and the waterproof trousers she had on, on top of them. The dual waist bands adding additional pressure that she didn’t need right now. Crossing her legs she started to bounce them, now out of sight of their boss and client there was no reason to pretend, especially as it was what India wanted.

Speaking of, she had been gone for longer than she thought she would have needed to be, what could she possibly be planning?

A couple of minutes later she reappeared, carrying a tray with a large teapot on it and several cups.

“Those bathrooms are fancy” India grinned, the mere mention of one making Demi moan softly.

“How come you get to go?” Demi complained, fighting the impulse to follow suit.

“I don’t remember me not going be a rule? Anyway, you can go soon. Just drink up and we can head down.”

Grabbing the heavy teapot Demi grunted slightly as it seemed to pull on her abdominal muscles, forcing her to place it back on the tray.

“Here let me” India said, picking it up and carefully pouring it out into one of the cups, filling it almost to the brim before putting it back down.

“I…aren’t you having some?” Demi asked, wondering why she hadn’t taken a cup for herself.

“No, I wasn’t thirsty.”

“India, this is for four people!” Demi cried, looking at the giant pot of hot water on the table, three more white cups still stacked together next to it.

“I guess you had better start drinking, or we will never get out of here.” India said, her voice deep and unforgiving.

“I cant drink that much, I will literally burst.” Demi complained softly, her leg wiggling increasing drastically. But looking across the table at India, she could see that she wasn’t letting up, the horny devil on both their shoulders pushing them to do this, even though they both knew the risks.

Reluctantly picking up the cup Demi began to slurp down the tea. The hot liquid rushing down her throat and pooling in her abdomen which was already radiating with its own heat. Each cup that entered her instantly replaced by another as India poured it. A seemingly never ending stream of hot tea designed for a group of people but now all entering her. None of it was reaching her bladder yet, but it wouldn’t be long before it started trickling through and given the volume of the pot, that would likely be the beginning of the end of her control.

“How did you know?” Demi asked quietly a few minutes later, catching India somewhat off guard as they had been sitting in almost silence. Her bladders assaulter seemingly content to just watch her drink and struggle not to wet herself.

“Know what?” India replied.

“That I would be into it, pretty big gamble. I mean you did make me piss myself in front of the boss.” Demi said between mouthfuls, draining the last of the 4th…5th? Cup of tea and automatically placing it back down next to India who was all to happy to fill it back up again.

“Yeah sorry…that may have been a little too far.” India admitted, pouring the dark brown water into Demi; s cup and only stopping once it neared the rim. “I really did expect Lena to have to pee at some point. She didn’t even go at the services. I am starting to think you might not have the biggest bladder here after all”

“Yeah, but still” Demi asked, shuffling her legs and looking into India’s eyes.

“I mean come on, when I went on your PC there were dozens if not hundreds of porn videos in your history. Its not like it was hard to figure out what you were into.” India said slightly too loudly for Demi’s liking and causing her to blush. “But I also figured you had something you were going to “do” while we were away. Given we don’t speak all too often and you asked me like 6 times when exactly we would be back. Part of me wondered if you had someone coming round, but according to Jessie you aren’t in a relationship.” India continued, indicating for Demi to keep drinking with a nod of her head.

“Wasn’t” Demi smiled back, raising an eyebrow. Her heart fluttering for a moment as she tried to force her confidence, had she gone too far. Why was she doing this, pushing things that didn’t need to be pushed.

“Oh really” India smiled, leaning back “You want to put a label on this.”

“Well, sexy lesbian who makes me pee myself was a bit long” Demi replied thankful India hadn’t made to much of her desperate insecurities and raising the cup to her mouth without looking away.

“I don’t know, I think it has a ring to it” India said smiling.

Looking deep into her eyes Demi could feel the connection between the two, it was genuine and thankfully not entirely based on their shared fetish. It certainly had helped, after all here she was with someone who just seemed to get her and who knew her deep dark secret. But she was not only totally ok with it, but actually shared it!

“Alright lets speed this up or I am going to piss myself before that thing is empty.” Demi said, spurred on by their conversation despite the tightness in her bladder increasing for every moment that passed.

Picking up the three extra cups she laid them out in a line, grabbing the pot and feeling relieved at how much lighter it was…although that did mean it was all in her. Pouring out the tea she filled the first three, but about half way up the fourth the stream of tea slowed to a trickle. The dripping of the water not helping her comfort levels or desperation.

Picking up the first cup she drank heartily, her stomach complaining at the continued onslaught of liquid, it too now bloating wildly. But ignoring the complaints from both it and her bladder Demi swiftly moved onto cup two, then three and finally with an unsteady hand and jiggling thighs she picked up the final cup. Draining its contents with some difficulty as ever her throat tried to stop her swallowing it, but finally her great task was complete. The giant pot of tea consumed and now coursing its way through her system at speed.

“Okay, we need to go before that reaches my bladder.” Demi said, standing swiftly and groaning deeply as her stomach and bladder pulsed in unison, upset by the sudden movements.

“You’re so fucking hot right now.” India said, apparently her thoughts coming out of her mouth with no filter as she blushed slightly from the sudden compliment.

“Yeah well, all my “hotness” is about to rush down my legs so if you wouldn’t mind…” Demi said, desperately indicating for them to leave. Her affection and desire to satisfy India's fantasies had fuelled her drinking, but given how much was inside her aching bladder already there was only going to be so much more she could take before she would end up losing control. A fact that was only reinforced as she felt her bladder spasm inside her, a significant sign she was reaching the edges of control. The last time she had felt one that strong was only about an hour before she had wet herself in front of everyone. The memory and her current desperation making her a little weak at the knees, but she couldn’t afford to dwell on this, she needed to get down the slope.

Snapping on her Skis more carefully this time Demi was already aware of the ticking timebomb inside her. The pressure and need to pee she was feeling now relentless and it was only getting worse. Even with her careful stepping into her ski’s, the fact she had to change her posture seemed to cause her bladder some serious trouble. Her legs almost buckling as she raised one foot to put on the ski, the position straining her bloated abdomen painfully.

Stooping into position she pushed off with India close behind, her bladder instantly complaining as she separated her legs a shoulders width apart. Gaining speed she lent over more, feeling her body compress her bladder and causing her to grunt loudly as she sped down the slope. Each twist or change of direction caused her to groan as she moved her muscles that wanted nothing more than to let go of her over taxed bladder. The small adjustments causing painful pulses to once again fly out and race around her body. The only blessing was, when she needed to slow she could press her legs together, careful not to overlap the ski’s but enjoying the rest bite. Despite this she couldn’t help but feel trapped, needing to reach the bottom as soon as possible, but occasionally needing to slow and help her ailing muscles.

Halfway down the steepness seemed to increase, the slope becoming more advanced and meaning slowing wasn’t an easy option. Her muscles now tired after 15 minutes of this torture, she was worried she was going to start losing control soon. The aches and pains of her muscles really starting to blend together, each flex or relaxation of a muscle could be the wrong one. Her abdomen a tight mess of pulses and pains, joined by her burning thighs and arms which were putting in the work to keep her going.

Every divot of snow, stone or patch of ice causing her to groan loudly, hoping no one could hear her pained noises. Her only hope speed, but that just made things worse whenever she hit anything. Going over a patch of uneven ice she felt her body vibrate across the rough surface for a few seconds. The strange feeling causing her entire body to tingle, but hitting the soft snow once more she was groaned out loud. The smallest lip of compact ice jarring her body from her feet to her head, straight through her perilously full bladder.

Unable to control herself she instinctively moved her thigh’s closer together, the impact reverberating up her legs and shaking her bladder violently. Hissing air out through her clenched jaw Demi was really starting to worry. Her defences had been rattled and were threatening to give way to the powerful blast of desperation that had exploded from inside her abdomen. The usual tactic of moving her legs together and protecting her aching and quivering muscles, doing nothing but slowing her progress. Her skis pitching inwards and losing all of her momentum.

Grunting again she shoved a clenched fist between her legs as she doubled over for a moment, her legs and bladder burning from how much effort she was forcing them to put in. Looking up as sweat dripped from her brow even in spite of such low temperatures, she could make out the visitors centre at the bottom of the hill, she was almost there!

Grimacing behind her scarf she clenched her sticks in a death grip and pushed off, ignoring the fierce pulses and pangs of discomfort flowing through her. The bloated and bulging mess of a bladder, still just about contained by her abused muscles. They had been given no rest since the last hold, from one extreme situation to another. Now forced to hold almost as much, but also survive the added trauma of hurtling down the mountain at some speed.

Breathing heavily her eyes locked onto the building ahead of her, Demi using it as inspiration or bribery for her bladder muscles to just hold on a little longer. She was almost there, just one more minute and she could pee. The restless lake inside of her could finally be let out.

For the last 100m a surge of desperate anxious intensity hit her hard, an almost excited feeling overcoming her as she approached the lodge. Reaching the forecourt she clicked off her ski’s not even bothering to pick them up, just letting them slide under the rack they were supposed to be neatly stored on.

Gripping herself tightly as she ran up the stairs she could finally close her aching legs, walking with an awkward gate through the automatic doors. Ahead of her she could see it, the universal sign of a ladies room!

“Where do you think you are going speedy.” A voice came from beside her, India having reached the bottom moments before her.

“I need to pee.” Demi said, half ignoring her and continuing the waddle towards her salvation.

“I think we should have one more drink.” India said, her voice playful but the demand not so much.

“Come on India, you said I could pee when we got here…Please.” Demi begged, stopping where she was and bobbing on the spot desperately. Ignoring the looks from the other patrons and skiers, probably wondering why there was a grown woman doing an obvious pee dance in the entrance way.

“I said you could only pee at the bottom, I didn’t say when.” India responded, taking Demi’s hand into hers as she approached her closely.

“I am going to wet myself. I don’t know how much longer I can hold this!” demi pleaded quietly to her as their bodies almost touched. The same electricity she had felt between them both last night ever present.

“Lets go find a table then maybe you can pee.” India responded, the devil inside her wanting to prolong this as long as possible. But Demi wasn’t sure she could play this game any longer, even if she wanted too. But unable to say no to the woman so intimately close to her, she let herself get led away from the toilets and towards the restaurant. Her bladder loudly complaining as its release was delayed even longer. The angry and consistent nagging from it, increasing in intensity despite no longer skiing, the copious amounts of liquid she had been made to consume finally starting to catch up with her.

Finding a secluded area on the outskirts of the seating outside, Demi threw herself onto the bench having at some point lost India. Desperately she crossed her legs tightly, writhing in desperation. Screwing her eyes closed she swept her legs back and forth, her heels bouncing up and down as she fought back wave after wave of desperation. Somehow it felt even worse than it had this morning, the pain was less but the desperation, it just felt worse. The angry pangs from her bladder and anxious pulses from it driving her mad as she writhed in desperate agony on the bench. Her hands glued to her crotch as she tried to sure up her aching and almost failing defences.

The fact she had been expecting to pee immediately after arriving making it 10 times worse, not to mention the fact that she could technically go and pee right now. She could, she should, just stand up and go to the bathroom. It was right there! Yet even as she looked longingly in that direction feeling an unsurmountable need to pee, she didn't move, she had been forbidden from peeing by India and for some reason that meant everything to her.

“Here we go.” India said a few moments later, interrupting Demi's self-pity and placing a beer down in front of her.

“You cant be serious, Ive got 4 bladders worth of pee inside me. I need to go to the bathroom.” Demi Whined again, but got no response from India who simply sat down opposite her. India's face flushed and clearly enjoying the show Demi was putting on, her erect nipples clearly poking through her fleece, and joined by a horny glassy eyed look on the red heads face. At least someone was enjoying this Demi thought to herself, a pain radiating out of her core which felt ready to explode any moment. Even her twisted and tightly knotted legs did little to offset the intense need to pee she was feeling.

“Drink up.” India said, her voice cracking slightly.

Reluctantly raising the glass to her lips Demi once again felt her body quiver as the amber liquid entered her mouth. Swallowing with some effort she managed to drink a few mouthfuls before a crippling spasm hit her, forcing her to put the glass down. Rocking in her seat with both hands between her legs Demi could feel the panic starting to creep in now, she was in dire straits and feeling things she hadn’t even felt that morning. There was a real danger she was going to pee herself, in public, surrounded by dozens of people.

“im going to piss myself” She half groaned, half whimpered breathlessly.

“No, your not” India said authoritatively, commanding her to hold it longer. But right now it didn’t feel like it was up to Demi, her muscles starting to revolt and tremble violently of their own accord.

“I cant hold it, im about to pee.” Demi said slightly panicked, her legs bouncing with fervent speed as she tried to buy herself a minute.

“No, your not.” India repeated.

“Im serious, I…”

“No you are going to hold it and finish your drink. If you leak then you will have to hold it till we are back at the lodge.” India said, sliding across the tall glass still mostly full of beer towards her. Her other hand under the table and possibly explaining why India herself was wobbling in her seat, sweat gathering on her face which now almost matched her hair colour. Faint twitches in her eyes as her shoulder moved around in small circles, her nostrils flaring with each deep breath as India watched her intently. Her gaze almost unblinking as she watched Demi's every desperate movement.

Picking it up Demi drank deeply from the glass, wanting to put on a show for her lover. Leaving only a small amount in the bottom of the glass she felt her bladder spasm powerfully again and forced her to place the glass back down heavily. The glass almost getting chipped as Demi threw her hands between her legs, her elbows bowing out slightly by the sheer mass of her bladder bulge. She was there, at the edge of control, she had to go, NOW!

Pulling up with all her might she tried to keep it together, to squeeze herself shut like a vice. But even as she shoved her hands deeply against herself, she could feel her muscles trembling, vibrating and finally they started to fail.

“Oh shit” Demi whispered, her hands suddenly warm as a burst of pee shot through her muscles, hissing loudly and splattering against her waterproof over-trousers. Her crotch suddenly warm and wet, her tight leggings trapping some of it against her skin.

“No, Hold it!” India said, although unlike the commands this one was much more surprised sounding. Her body jerking slightly as India herself moaned breathlessly. Short sharp gasps escaping her as she continued to twitch sporadically.

“I cant…I…I…” Demi spluttered but it was no use. A second burst of wetness hissed into her leggings, a heavily pressurised stream that splattered forcefully against her hands still pressing intensely between her legs.

Soon a third, then a fourth and finally the dam broke, a constant squelching hiss emanating from Demi who groaned in pain and pleasure as her bladder finally exploded all over herself. The ocean of pee erupting like a geyser between her legs, a torrent of liquid spilling out of her, rushing down her legs and splattering noisily onto the bare concrete ground under her. The layer of snow instantly melting as it was covered in Demi's burning hot pee.

“oOooOO” Demi moaned again, rocking in her seat with each pulse from her bladder. Her hands relaxing and almost enjoying the warmth spreading out from her crotch. Her legs drenched by the deluge of piss, but not noticeable because of the second layer of trousers.

Breathing heavily Demi’s eyes rolled back, her body sagging where she sat as she gave up all pretences of holding anything back. But feeling something touch her left side she opened her eyes. At some point India had come around and was now sat next to her, an animalistic look of lust plastered across her face which now pressed against hers. Kissing passionately she could feel India’s ragged breaths as she failed to control her emotions, their closeness and the thundering of pee leaving her, causing Demi to groan deeply. Leaning into India she felt a hand sneaking into her trousers, the gentle explorative touches enough to almost make her orgasm on the spot.

Biting her lip Demi forced her head into India’s shoulder, using it to muffle her moans of pleasure as India moved her hand around inside her drenched underwear. For the second time today she had, or rather was, still pissing herself. The stream now being blocked occasionally by India's hand which suddenly increased its pace, pressing and exploring her with an intensive frenzied desire.

Slamming her hands into the table Demi's fingers and toes curled as she was overcome by explosive ecstasy. India somehow finding all the most pleasurable spots, her fingers entering her and causing Demi to groan loudly, but she was beyond caring if anyone noticed. Shaking with pleasure Demi gripped the table, her nails scratching along the wooden surface as her back arched and a silent scream of pure pleasure left her, the jet of pee still shooting into her clothes stopping intermittently as her muscles contracted around India’s fingers still inside her.

Instantly she became lost in the pleasure, her head lost to the clouds as she erupted in more ways than one. For seconds she shivered in ecstasy, her body brought to the painful brink of control before finding the ultimate pleasure in a way that only seemed to enhance the mind blowing orgasm Demi was having. Her face flushed bright red and chest still heaving Demi returned back to her body after some moments. Sagging down even more into a puddle of pleasure, her pee finally stopping.

“Holy shit.” India said breathlessly.

“Muhun” Was all Demi managed, her mind actually wrecked by what had just happened.

Looking into each others eyes they shared another moment of silence, knowing exactly how each other was feeling.

“Worth it right?” India smiled a few seconds later.

“Totally…but don’t think that gets you off the hook. You have made me piss myself twice now!” Demi said, her senses returning and legs beginning to rapidly cool. Her absolutely drenched leggings were sticking to her soft skin and the pee caught by the material chilling her. Yet no one could see a thing, other than the absolutely massive puddle under the table. Meters worth of snow melted by her accident...if she could call it that.

Rubbing her eyes Demi sat forwards, she felt exhausted. But looking at the glass in front of her, she knew exactly what India would be doing to make it up to her.

###

As always thank you for your comments and I would love to know what you guys think!

Hope you enjoyed, and it was worth the wait.

I wonder what Demi might be plotting for India?

*030*2021-12-17 11:56

{{On 12/8/2021 at 1:05 PM, randomkath said:

This is so hot, I can't even...

}}

Hi thank you, Glad you are enjoying it!

{{On 11/27/2021 at 7:37 AM, watchinghold said:

Finally caught up to the story thus far; took a few sittings because holy shit this got intense! I've seen a fair few piss-swapping stories, but this was something else. Bravo, sir!

If I had one critique, and I do have one, you're once again hitting my buttons for unreasonable demands of authority figures with as yet no consequences for their uncaring vanity. Oh, how I wished for a moment of Jessie accidentally knocking Lena to the floor and losing control all over her. How I went on fully expecting Lena's threats to fire them when they couldn't hold to be met with furious shouts of "This was all YOUR FAULT!!!" Given how far Demi was pushed before finally reaching her breaking point and yet Lena shows not a single sign of desperation, until proven otherwise I can only presume that she's had access to a toilet the whole time that she's neither told the other girls about nor permitted them to use. I can only hope that the finale of this otherwise insanely hot tale will end with Lena humiliated, fired, and left with nothing but the piss-stained clothes on her back; she certainly deserves nothing less.

}}

Hi, thank you as well. Yeah, I seem to write a lot of stories like these. I can confirm, Lena has not use a bathroom either, she is in fact still holding after this chapter. Will that play a role in a future chapter who knows? But despite the groups best efforts to fill her up to breaking point, they broke first. Not that, that makes her any less of a tyrannical task master ignoring the basics of human anatomy.

{{On 11/27/2021 at 1:44 AM, tillend said:

Lena should be really desperate, but I hope she can finally make it！XD

}}

{{On 11/26/2021 at 8:51 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Oh, I really hope to read a chapter where Lena is forced to piss herself too!

How could she up getting filled to the breaking point? Difficult. Maybe her pride - she learns what Demi did and maybe thinks she has to proove herself by doing the same.

(If the rescue is still a long way off by some hazards^^) - and then she can't handle the presure and pisses herself.

I am curious what ideas who have!

}}

This seems to be a common theme haha. Maybe I will have to look into it.

{{On 11/26/2021 at 4:21 PM, SpaceWonderer said:

I actually thought about that variant for the next chapter too lol. What if turns out that rescue crew has to go first to anothe cabin far away where people lost heat and have no potable water left, so our women will have to be second in line, and it could take rescue them till the evening or even next morning (night travel in the mountains can be too dangerous after avalanche) to get to them? Lena's bladder is actually pretty bursting, but her iron self control made her act normally through the meeting.

Though, that large coffee pot she carelessly drank thinking help is on the way keeps adding to her bladder, and by the lunch time (and that developing could be quite detailed written and take the whole new chapter) she can't bear the pressure anymore no matter what... Somehow she finds out what other girls did, and making Demi agree to take her gallon of piss. Toward the end of afternoon Sally and Becca are bursting again, and Demi ends in the situation not much better than the night before... while India adds some more to her bladder and they make out in the back while India is torturing Demi's bladder and Lena is mad that someone has obviously stronger bladder than herself and has some sour feelings about Demi... what would happen next? I can see so many ways this story could go from the last chapter...

@Markj9494

}}

No bladder showdown so far but I really like your idea for the chapter. I am always amaze when my stories make people think this much to come up with their own. Its quite fun to read, I just hope I dont do a disservice with my own.

{{On 11/25/2021 at 1:24 PM, Foxlover said:

Oh, I didn't know this. That's a shame XD Excellent work as always, though, regardless!

And you know me; the more catheter bladder-filling stories, the better eheheh

}}

Haha, thank you! Glad you are enjoying it and yes, a few more chapters yet. Although like I said, im a slow writer so who knows when they will be out. But I do at least now have the entire skeleton of the story outline and where it will finish. So plenty of more desperation to go and hopefully a fitting end too.

*033*2021-12-17 18:01

{{1 hour ago, SpaceWonderer said:

It's a bit off-topic, but I feel your pain, have been there. Since then I'm making sure that whatever text editor I use does frequent auto-save and has a dpcument recovery option (OpenOffice, LibreOffice...). And then I use free software FreeFileSync that fully backups my critical files on external drive and Google Drive. Since then I haven't lost more than a few sentences written. I would highly recommend try it.

}}

Haha, thanks. That is very thorough! I have some similar things for work, but with MS integration, cloud storage and cloud saving I do the opposite for things on this site. Mainly careful to not have anything I write accidentally end up on a work one drive / server. Hardest part is remembering to switch office accounts so that it doesnt come up as a recent file on my workstation. Might be a bit awkward to explain what this is to my boss / HR.

*038*2022-05-19 18:05

{{5 hours ago, tillend said:

‎wondering when you're going to finish this‎

}}

{{4 hours ago, Foxlover said:

I wouldn’t hold your breath lol… stories get stalled all the time, sometimes months or ever years go by before they’re returned to, if at all

}}

Sorry this stalled out but yeah its looking like this might be where it ends. I had planned to originally end it a chapter earlier and tried to carry on with it because I had some ideas but started to lose interest. I also get easily distracted by new ideas. My plan had been to take a break and write a couple of other bits but have just been busier than I expected.

I have been working on like 3 other stories, but just haven't had time or motivation to write them to completion. Both are quite long going off the plans I have for them, as seem to be most of my stories. I do a couple of hundred words here and there so they are still being worked on but havent looked at this one in a while. So I may come back to this one but have no intentions to do so just yet. If I do I will probably wait until ive written everything down that I wanted to for this and put it out in one go.

I hate leaving things unfinished, think ive always completed the stories ive done on here in the past so it would be a shame to break that role. Might have to tone down either my world building desires or other things to get this done.

If you are interested I would say to follow the post and then if I do post anything you should get notified. Although who knows when that might be.

Really sorry for not finishing it, but I am happy you enjoyed it.

