My Little Pony (MLP) Rarity Wetting

Author: Marr.Pizz

*000*2022-04-18 19:04

I had a dream about Rarity from My Little Pony wetting herself on stage and thought to post it. Since it was a lewd dream somethings are a little weird or unfitting but I tried my best to explain things how I understood them in the dream, and just rolled with other things. (Rarity is a human in this story, and no other mlp characters are present, but she was Rarity in the dream so I kept that the same)

It was commonly known that Rarity was an excellent flute player. Her talent on stage with the instrument was only topped by her fashion skills, and those were old news. She wanted to diversify her interests and talents, so she decided that she would perform on stage at a popular music studio playing a song for many people. She was greatly excited for this opportunity, so much so that she could barely focus on anything else, not even her own needs.

Rarity was in the car with the generous man who had allowed her this opportunity, Maine Starr (odd name, but whatever), when she realized that she hadn't used the toilet that morning. The pressure in her bladder was small, but growing.

"Excuse me, Mr. Starr, sir," she asked. "When would we be able to... eh"

"Rarity, darling, if whatever you have to say isn't EXACTLY about the show, I'm afraid I'm just too busy to hear it," he dismissed.

Rarity nodded back and turned to look out the window, the raindrops patting on the glass rhythmically, making them hard for her to look at. The wait to arrive felt slightly longer than it was.

The next part will be updated soon!

