Girlfriend pooping while sitting on your lap

Author: Mn123

*000*2024-07-26 08:40

Imagine I’m your girlfriend.

One Sunday morning after breakfast, I’m putting dishes away in the kitchen when I start feeling the urge to go to the toilet. I let out a fart that accidentally trumpeted out loudly. I blush and put one hand on my butt, but quickly resume posture and pretend nothing happened. I was just going to finish my chores and head to the bathroom, when you walk up to me from behind, kiss my temple, and put your hands on me. You start squeezing my tummy and grind yourself against my butt. I got startled a bit and try to stifle another fart that nearly escaped. You feel my butt clenching. Then you start to strip my clothes off. "i... no, not now. I gotta go...". “Go where, babe?” I blush “…go bathroom” “is it urgent?” “….y, yes” “I love it when you need to go, babe." You grip me firmly from behind I felt another wave coming. Whimpering with embarrassment, i let out a long forceful fart onto your dick.

You sat us on a chair and spread my butt cheeks out. A fart escaped from me as you do so. I blushed and squirmed. You continue to kiss me and squeeze my tummy, making my gut churn even more. I farted again, this time wetter and stinkier. “I poo, I will poo…” I whimper. You reach your finger through my butt crack to my anus, stroking it and tickling it. I moaned, pulsing my anus, trying to squeeze it, but knowing I would not be able to hold for much longer. A wave of peristalsis arise and my poop start protruding its head out, spreading open my anus. A faint, mushy sound can be heard. I moan and hold onto you tightly, straining. You put your finger right on top of my anus, feeling the poop peeking out of my body. “Please take me to the toilet, please.” - I plead, sucking back my poop desperately.

You pick me up, one hand covering the bottom of my ass, and carry me to the bathroom. You lift up the toilet seat, sit on the bowl, and sit me on top of you and facing you, my legs spread apart. One hand you hold my butt, one hand you hold my tummy. A fart hissed out of my butt. Already on the bowl, I couldn’t hold back anymore. I hold you tight and begin to strain. You feel my legs and tummy tense up as a thick, long, smooth log churn out of my anus. I moan in relief as it come out. A sputter of farts and smaller logs come out. There were a few short periods of no movement, after which my tummy start straining again to push out the last few poops.

Eventually, I relax my body, and pee start streaming out of my body. You stroke my back reassuringly, “Feel good?” I nodded, blushed. “All done?” “Yeah”, I whisper. You kiss me and grab toilet paper and wipe my ass clean. We stand up and you take a good look at my pile of poop in the bowl, then you flush. Since the smell in the bathroom is too strong, you carry me back to the bedroom and begin to fuck me hard. You told me, “You make me happy. I love you so much babe. Thank you for letting me do this”. For the rest of the day you treat me like a queen.

