Trevor's Root Awakening
	(whole first chapter free to celebrate publishing!)
Author: MaxMorgan

*000*2025-01-13 08:50

Hey everyone! I've finally finished writing + publishing my first ever pee e-book novella. I've published three versions - one fully fledged version that contains both Emma and Trevor's POVs alternating each chapter, and separate versions that contain only Emma and only Trevor for those only interested in reading about one gender.

I've received so much support here as I worked on this book, and so I want to share the whole first two chapters free here on omorashi.org to say thank you to everyone that has reached out to me with support, commissions or just chatting!

I'll post the first Trevor chapter here, and the first Emma chapter in a separate post for those interested in women 😄

If you want to support me and purchase some high quality long-form piss erotica, check out my books on SmashWords! I would love to hear your feedback and what you'd like to read in my next book.

The whole book

Emma's POV only

Trevor's POV only

###

Here's the entire first Trevor chapter 😃

This story contains male pee desperation, leaking, public peeing, and public masturbation/cumming.

###

Chapter 1

The Root Awakening gardening and landscaping conference was just beginning when Trevor’s bus arrived outside the hotel that was to be the venue. People streamed out of buses and cars everywhere, making their way into the large conference space. Trevor shifted from foot to foot awkwardly as he waited for his luggage to be unloaded from the bus - he’d needed to pee for the last hour or so of the two hour bus ride from his hometown, but the bus had no toilets and didn’t make any stops. He collected his luggage when it was ready and started walking briskly towards the conference centre.

Trevor was not particularly excited to be attending the Root again, having given presentations for the last four years in a row and speaking again this year. He was an in-demand speaker these days, having invented a new sustainable type of fertilizer made from human urine in his uni days studying chemistry. He often gave talks around the country, teaching companies how to create and use the fertilizer. The fertilizer, officially dubbed 'Urine Luck,' made use of the nitrogen and phosphorus in human urine for a super-charged formula to support fast and healthy plant growth.

He entered the conference space and had begun looking around for a bathroom before he was accosted by Steven, an attendee he had spent time with at last year’s conference. His bladder was beginning to ache at this point after holding on for over an hour. He wished he hadn’t drunk that huge milkshake while he waited at the bus stop, and he wished that Steven would leave him alone. As Steven droned on about his profits over the last year, Trevor shoved his hand deep into his pocket and tried to surreptitiously squeeze his penis to ease some of the pressure. His penis began to harden slightly from the touch, which helped to relieve Trevor’s need to pee. He removed his hand from his pocket and, giving up on peeing before he checked into his hotel room, asked Steven to show him to the hotel’s front desk.

After checking in, Trevor managed to ditch Steven and headed towards the elevators as fast as he could bear to walk with the discomfort in his bladder. He caught sight of the huge queue waiting for the elevators and decided to detour immediately to the stairwell nearby. He briefly considered peeing in the stairwell - after all, it was more of a fire exit and mostly concrete - but decided against it since there were so many people around.

As he ascended the stairs and walked the hallways to his hotel room he squeezed his penis as often as he could get away with. He reached his hotel room, number 223, and dumped his suitcase on the floor as soon as he entered. Making a beeline for the bathroom, he was already unzipping his business pants and roughly pulling his penis through his fly as he walked up to the toilet. As soon as he relaxed in front of the toilet, pee came pouring out of him and splashing powerfully into the toilet. He closed his eyes and leaned forwards, bracing his body with a hand on the wall as he emptied himself.

After he finished peeing and opened his eyes again, Trevor noticed that some of his stream had missed the toilet and hit the wall making a small puddle on the tiled floor. He decided he could clean it up later when he returned from the first session of the conference, so left his hotel room and headed down to the conference bar to do some mixing and mingling before the presentations began. Unfortunately, Steven was already at the bar, and caught Trevor in a long and drawn out conversation about the best species of plants to hold a steep bank together. Steven bought him several rounds of drinks, and Trevor drank them mindlessly, attempting to drown out the boring conversation.

Thankfully, the first session of the conference soon began, and Trevor took his assigned seat at a round table facing the stage. The seats were luxurious and comfortable, and a waiter came around with complimentary jugs of beer, which he gracefully accepted. Trevor soon settled back and relaxed into the first round of presentations, sipping his beer and chatting with the man on his right during breaks - the seat to his left was currently unoccupied, but had a place card reading EMMA.

The man on the stage was halfway through a presentation about the hardiness of Kikuyu grass when Trevor started to become aware of his bladder filling. He shifted in his seat to make himself more comfortable, but took no action to slow down on his consumption of the complimentary drinks, as he planned to visit the bathrooms during the next break in presentations. Suddenly, a woman around Trevor’s age squeezed her way awkwardly through the expanse of tables to sit in the empty seat next to him. He wondered idly what had caused her to be almost an hour and a half late to the conference.

During the break between speeches, Emma immediately began talking enthusiastically to Trevor. She had recognised him from a recording of his speech he had given at last year’s conference, and was keen to discuss the technical details of the Urine Luck fertilizer. His need to urinate had become quite urgent, and he felt like he was shifting and fidgeting a lot, but if Emma noticed she made no comment. As Emma spoke so intelligently and confidently about his invention, Trevor became more and more attracted to her and subsequently too embarrassed to admit his desperation. He tried to excuse himself to the bar as a chance to visit the bathroom, but Emma happily stood up and announced that she needed a drink too so would join him at the bar.

Following through with his excuse, Trevor ordered another beer at the bar. As they waited for their drinks to be served, they chatted about their hobbies and careers. Just as he mustered up the courage to excuse himself to the bathroom, the announcer called out that the next speaker was heading to the stage now. Too shy to show that his need to urinate was severe enough to miss the start of the speech, he dismissed his bathroom break and headed back to his seat with Emma.

Sinking down into the comfortable chair, he gave a smile to Emma and the other guests at his table, and tried to focus on the speaker to keep his mind off of the throbbing in his bladder. He slid his chair as far under the table as he could, and slipped his hand back into his pocket to clutch his penis. He ran his thumb back and forth over the head of his dick, trying to get hard to reduce his desperation. His eyes drifted over to Emma’s small and tight breasts showing through her slightly transparent white blouse, and suddenly he had no problem maintaining his erection.

An hour later, after the presenter had finished speaking, Trevor was in quite a state both physically and mentally. To keep the discomfort in his bladder manageable, he had had to continually stroke and squeeze his penis for the whole duration of the speech. His bladder felt full to bursting, and his mind was a conflicted mess of arousal and desperation.

He had felt multiple droplets of liquid ease out of the tip of his cock throughout the speech and had no idea whether it was urine or precum that he was leaking. He reluctantly removed his hand from his pocket and slid his chair back from the table, intending to make his excuses and hobble off to the bathrooms as quickly as he could. However, as soon as he leaned forward to stand up from his chair, a short but powerful jet of pee shot out of his tip. He abruptly sat back down and pulled himself under the table again, making a conspicuous bang as his chair hit the table.

The man on his right asked if he was alright, and he had to grit his teeth to be able to reply that he simply had a leg cramp and so had decided not to go to the bar.

Emma gave him a long look and offered to grab him his drink instead, which he accepted. Half of the guests at his table, including Emma and the man on his right, got up and headed off to the bar or bathrooms.

Trevor had no idea what to do. He pointed his penis upwards for a better grip through his pocket, and attempted once more to stand up, this time with his hand in his pocket firmly clamped down on his shaft. He was punished with another hot spurt of pee jetting out of his penis, soaking the bottom of his shirt that was tucked into the top of his pants and wicking up towards his stomach. He forced his lower body back under the table and his mind absurdly drifted to his fertilizer, Urine Luck - more like Urine Trouble, he thought. Looking around at the couple of men still seated at his table, he began to resign himself to the idea that he had no choice but to completely wet himself under this table, surrounded by peers in his field. His bladder burned and cramped, and he knew that if he stood up he would soak his pants in front of everyone.

Suddenly, he had an idea. Keeping his right hand squeezing himself through his pocket, he used his left hand to slowly ease his belt and fly undone. He moved at a snail’s pace and looked straight ahead the whole time, trying his best not to draw anyone’s attention. He reached in through his fly and quickly swapped which hand was gripping his shaft, accidentally releasing a spray of urine into his underwear as he changed hands. He pulled his cock out of his pants while still clutching it as tightly as he possibly could. Just then, Emma returned to the table with a drink for herself and his jug of beer. He took it in the hand that wasn’t holding his penis, and took a small sip to avoid speaking. He didn’t know whether he would be able to speak in his current state, and he was terrified that someone would notice that he had exposed himself under the table - let alone if he began to urinate.

He continued holding himself, penis out of his pants and pointing at the large middle leg of the round table, pretending like he was scrolling on his phone to avoid any conversation he could not participate in. He planned to wait until the next speaker began their presentation and hoped that they would play a video or some kind of audio to drown out any splashing noise he might make. Unfortunately, his body had other plans. His bladder and penis convulsed and uncontrollably shot out a fat squirt of pee. He clamped down harder, which slowed the urine to a trickle, but realized that the squirt had not made any audible sound - the solid wooden centre leg of the table was close and large enough to accept the pee without complaint.

With trepidation, he started to unclamp his hand. The trickle became larger and larger until it was a full stream. He risked a peek under the table, and saw his cock unleashing a massively thick clear stream against the table leg. It ran down the leg and briefly pooled on the ground before absorbing quickly into the plush red carpet. Trevor was now confident enough that nobody could tell, and past the point of being able to stop what was happening, that he relaxed all his muscles and sank back into the chair while he emptied himself under the table. The next guest speaker began her presentation, but Trevor heard none of it as his ears rang and stars exploded in his eyes from the sheer pleasure of release.

He peed for what felt like hours, his bladder slowly draining into the soft carpet. As his stream trailed off, his cock began to harden to full attention again. He reached his hand down to put it back in his pants, and realized he was just a few strokes away from an orgasm. He didn’t know what had gotten him so turned on, but the urge was so strong, and he felt that after all he had done to the carpet already a few drops of cum would hardly make a difference. After looking around to check that everyone’s full attention was on the speaker on the stage, he ran his hand up and down the throbbing length of himself a few times and tensed his whole body as the heat of his orgasm ran through him. His whole body shuddered as he shot what felt like litres of cum under the table, pattering quietly into the lush carpet. After recovering his senses, he tucked his penis away and zipped up his pants, sitting back to reflect on what had just happened.

