AskThread - Accepting fiction requests - Page 2

Author: Mickey

*027*2019-02-05 12:54

{{On 1/23/2019 at 6:37 PM, nc_dude said:

No rush. Honestly, You can scratch if you'd like.

}}

Nah, I will write it - the ask is the kind of thing I enjoy writing. But when, that's an open question

{{On 1/25/2019 at 8:36 AM, Bf1fan said:

I posted this in the request thread awhile but unfortunately it never got picked up

A group of college-age kids go on a camping trip to the woods. A girl needs to relieve herself so she goes into the woods but she gets lost. She panics and runs into a hunter’s trap hanging upside down with a rope on her ankle.

}}

Sorry, but that's way out of my erotic zone. Someone in any (actual or pretend) distress unrelated to a full bladder is a complete mood killer for me. That's why I don't do BDSM or humiliation either ...

@Nar

###

#1 is an intriguing premise, I will do that ... Someday!

#2, well, long board meetings have been on my to-do scenario list for a while - but I'll probably end up inserting a bunch of male desperation in that one. Dunno if that'll work for you ... There will be the desperate female executive, but the board will have a few desperate men too, coming off their own long meetings, and probably worse off than the woman. And there will be a mixed gender bathroom queue at the end of it ...

#3 and #4 - naked girls or bitchy bosses aren't really my jam. I don't think I'll use those ...

*032*2019-02-15 12:02

{{On 2/6/2019 at 9:37 AM, Nar said:

What about the delayed plumber story? Not interested in that? You can make it from the son´s friend point of view, seing how an adult(a MOTHER) is doing the potty dance and giving him his first omorashi boner(a little twisted maybe, or not). Or is it too humiliating for you?

}}

I will not write any underage characters - irrespective of their role (I wish the forum would allow me to edit the first post to make this clearer, but *sigh*).

IMO, if a character is part of an erotica, they are a part of the sexual fantasy - even if they are only there as window dressing & play no active role (e.g. primary school settings for teacher desperation). Kids have no business being anywhere near my sexual fantasies - so I don't write any character under 20 in my stories.

{{On 2/6/2019 at 10:10 PM, Bangarang said:

If I can suggest something again that would be great, I don’t have a set story idea, but i’d really like to see how you imagine an incredibly desperate male and a girl or girls encouraging teasing him about his full bladder!

}}

This kinda worked itself in to a story I had in-progress - I think it will be ready to post in a few days! Fair warning - as usual it takes forever for me to get to the teasing and encouraging part though :-P (Also, I hope you meant teasing as in banter? Not bladder teasing - like pressing on their swollen bladder or tickling them? Don't think I'll do that ...)

{{On 2/6/2019 at 10:10 PM, Bangarang said:

PS. If people complain about the way you write/what you write, i’d Ignore them, the rest of us love it!

}}

Aww, thank you! I am glad you like my stories :)

{{On 2/7/2019 at 12:14 AM, SaQra said:

If you aren't busy (and since you asked for more male wetting requests), could you maybe do a sci-fi scenario of a starship captain wetting himself after being at the controls for a long time?

}}

Hmm, now that would be stretching my comfort zone in a good way. I'll try to write one - I have never written a sci-fi scenario though (or done any world building at all), so let's see. Not sure when I will get to it though - I literally have 13 "work in progress" stories at the moment (Don't ask. I get stuck in one story and start another. And complete none it would seem)

