The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition)

Author: Markj9494

*000*2019-12-29 06:31

Preface: So this is my first attempt at writing fiction so it might not be the best, but all suggestions are welcome and i'd love to hear what you guys think!

This first chapter is going to mainly be set up for the rest of the story and doesn't have any desperation yet

Anyway this story is based on a game-show in the UK called the weakest link, it’s a sort of quiz show where contestants are asked questions and have to work together but also against each other to win the most money possible. That is what this story is based on, just with my own omorashi themed twist, hope you enjoy.

Chapter 1 - The set up.

Fiction background: During the early 2020’s quiz shows were on the way out, desperate to find a solution and draw in more views, the executives of one of the biggest quiz shows “the weakest link” decided to make some big changes. They wanted to add another challenge and a sense of jeopardy to the show, making it more exciting for viewers to watch and more enticing for potential contestants.

The game: The game itself is simple, the more questions you get right in a row the more money you have the chance to win. The first question of a round is worth £20, if you answer two in a row correctly it goes up to 50, three is 100, then it goes 200, 300, 450, 600, 800, and finally the ninth question is worth £1000. However to get the money a contestant must say the word “bank” before they are asked their question, meaning you don’t know if you are going to know the answer before you bank. If you get the question wrong, you start again at 0 so it’s also a game of chance. You can constantly bank at £20 safely but won’t make the most money that requires you to risk getting it wrong and losing it all.

The twist: Now all of that is how the game works up until the changes, but in this version there is a twist, which is why you are all here. As well as being a game of intellect, it’s also a game of strength. As you see, for each £1 banked, 1ml of water is also banked, to be shared out between contestants at the end of each round. The more money they make, the more they have to hold. Additionally a strongest link and weakest link are announced, this is the person who got the most right and most wrong answers. The strongest link does not receive any of the banked water, while the weakest gets half of the total. The rest is then shared between the other contestants. So for example, with 6 people and 1000ml banked, the strongest receives 0ml, the weakest 500ml and the other 4 get 125ml. Due to this change, it also opened up the game to new players who might not be the smartest, but were good at holding.

Now without further ado - Today’s contestants:

Alex – A fair skinned and top heavy brunette in her mid-20’s, currently working as a waitress. Her Strongest category is Music. Today she is wearing a pair of light khaki pants, with a black crop top.

Amanda – A tall blonde in her late 30’s, currently a college tutor of science, her strongest category is unsurprisingly also science. She is wearing a stylish white pinstripe blazer and matching suit pants.

Claudia – A Slim with bright green eyes in contrast to her jet black hair, in her late 20’s she is currently working as a weather girl for a local tv station. Her strongest category is pop-culture. She is wearing a flowing green top, showing a decent amount of cleavage, paired with a short denim skirt.

Katy – A Curvy 19 year old with dark brown hair and hazelnut brown eyes to match, currently working as a dancer her strongest category is fashion. She is wearing an extremely tight and figure hugging, knee length purple dress, paired with a large decorative black bow around her waist.

Olivia – A tall slim woman in her early 30’s, with light brown almost strawberry blonde hair and deep blue eyes. Currently working as an admin assistant at a local law firm, her strongest category is current events. She is wearing a strapless red dress that hugs her slim figure well.

Scarlet – The oldest of the group in her early 40’s, a slightly larger woman with bright blonder hair and green eyes. Currently a stay at home mother with her two children, her strongest category is sports. She is wearing a pair of well-loved denim jeans and a loose fitting blue blouse.

Sorry thats it for now, but like I said would love to know what you guys think of the idea?

*002*2019-12-29 14:00

Chapter 2: In the beginning

As the music started and the audience clapped, a sudden sense of nervousness could be felt from many of today's contestants. Each one stood on their pedestals, soon to be the centre of attention for the next hour or more and each hoping to take home the prize money and not humiliate themselves on national television. Since the changes to the show, it had been getting much more attention than before, losing was not an option if they wanted to keep their dignity and their clothes dry.

"Hello and welcome to tonight’s episode of the weakest link, i'm your host Anne and today we have six lovely ladies hoping to go home tonight with the money. As im sure your aware by now, each round consists of 3 minutes on a chosen category where the contestants must work together to bank as much money as possible. But don’t get to friendly, only one of you can go home with the money tonight."

So lets begin:

A booming noise echoed throughout the studio, the lights fell away from the host towards the women in the centre of the stage, the only sound now the rapturous applause of the live studio audience. Another reason why none of the women tonight wanted to loose.

Round 1: "Today we are going to start things off with a 3 minutes of general knowledge, beginning with you Alex."

The sudden mention of her name brought her out of her current daze, her heart starting to beat faster. There was no backing out now, it hadn’t seemed real until this moment, as the lights and cameras turned to face her a sense of worry set in, what if she couldn’t do it?

The host looked down on her, from above her glasses perched on her nose

"Ok, Start the clock, Alex Which famous leader said 'England is a nation of shopkeepers'?"

Alex’s eyes widened like a deer in headlights, why did she have to go first. “ah…Winston churchil?”

"Incorrect, it was Napoleon Bonaparte." Great 0 for 1 Alex thought to herself.

"Amanda, Which flower is sometimes known as 'Traveller's Joy'?"

Amanda was also second guessing her decision to be on the show, she didnt realise how public it would be....wait she knew this one. “Clematis”

"Correct, Claudia,"

“Bank” She had yelled it more than said it, Claudia was determined not the be the first one to loose them money, and now at least they had something to play for, even if it was just £20.

Which bird, a member of the crow family, is known for its jet black plumage?

“ Rook”

"That is correct, Katy, in what body of water is the mouth of the river Nile found?"

“Mediterranean?”

“correct. Olivia, Where are the palatine bones found in the body?"

“The head”

“I’ll give it to you for that, the correct answer was the mouth. Scarlet, In 2012, Chelsea beat which German team on penalties to win the Champions League final?"

“Bayern Munich.” she was relieved, a sports question as her first one, she had really lucked out. Not that she was complaining.

"Correct. Back to you Alex, How many people made up the English pop rock group "Tears For Fears"?

Wait was that a music question, she was still in her own head about getting the first question wrong. But this was music and she knew music, in fact she had seen the group perform last year. “two”

“Correct!. Amanda", “Bank” Even though she was confident in her ability to answer these questions, 300 at this stage seemed to good to loose.

“The holy roman empire, was largely made from which two European countries”

“Italy and Germany”

“Correct. Claudia, What two colours are associated with the corners of a boxing ring?"

“Blue and red”,

"Correct. Katy", “Bank” that was another £50, now up to £370 with just under half the time gone.

"Who was the merchant sea-captain who made the first American circumnavigation of the world in 1790, and is known for trading voyages to the northern Pacific coast of North America between 1790 and 1793, which pioneered the fur trade in that region?"

..., was that even a question, all the others had been one sentence and that was like 3. “Uh…..im sorry…. Pass” she couldn’t think of anything and wasting time on this show was just as bad if not worse than wasting time. Hopefully someone else could make up for it later on. At least she banked.

“The correct answer was Robert Gray. Olivia, What do the initials "c.c." stand for when used in the address of a letter or e-mail?"

Katy glared at the host, that was nothing compared to the curve ball she just had to answer for.

“That would be Carbon Copy” Olivia said calmly, years of admin finally coming in handy.

“Correct. Scarlet, What Spanish artist said he would eat his wife when she died?"

“Oh, uh…Dali” scarlet wasn’t sure where she knew that from or what recess of her brain had kept it filed away, but she was sure glad she did.

“Correct. Alex, Who did Lady Diana Spencer marry?"

“Prince Charles” that was 2 in a row for her, her confidence had returned. She felt much calmer now, her breathing had somewhat returned to normal.

“Correct. Amanda, Who discovered penicillin?"

“Alexander Fleming”

“Correct. Claudia, How many states are there in the United States of America?"

Was it 50, or 52? “50?” there was a distinct pause, although probably less than a second it felt like an eternity to Claudia “correct”

Katy readied herself for another convoluted question

"If you want to make green paint. Which colours do you mix together?"

Wait that was it “Blue and Yellow”

“Correct”

They were up to 450, now would be a great time to bank, but Olivia had played it safe once already.

"Olivia, What year did the Spanish Civil War end?"

Perfect she knew this “1939”

"Correct. Scarlet What does the roman numeral C represent?"

“100”

“Correct

Every fibre in Alexes body wanted to say bank, but after two in a row, her confidence was high, but was it too high?

"Alex, Who lived at 221B, Baker Street, London?"

“Sherlock Holmes”

“Correct”

No, now she wasn’t a deer in headlights, now she was finding her stride.

Amanda had been watching nervously as the last few contestants didn’t bank, the host had barely started turning to look at her when she said bank, a full £1000. Even if she got it right the amount wouldn’t keep going up. Just 30 seconds to go and they already had 1,370.

“Amanda, How many dots are there on two dice?”

After a quick bit of mental arithmetic, “42”

“Correct. Claudia, What are the first three words of the bible?"

“The first three words are, In the beginning”

“Correct. Katy, What’s the name of the famous clock tower in London?"

Wait was that two easy ones in a row? “Big Ben” it seemed almost too easy

“Correct. Olivia, Where was Christopher Columbus born?"

“Genoa” she said it as fast as she could, just under 20 seconds left they had to make the time count.

“Correct. Scarlet, What did jobs were the 7 dwarfs doing before meeting sleeping beauty?"

The question confused scarlet for a second, from roman numerals to sleeping beauty, this really was general knowledge “uH, they were dwar….uhh MINERS!” she shouted

“Correct”

Alex had played it risky last time, she wasn’t about to risk It now though.

“Bank”

"Alex, What’s the capital of Kenya?"

“Nairobi”

“correct”

“bank”

Amanda thought it was done, but luckily it was a short question, and an easy one at that

“Amanda, Who starts first in chess?"

“white”

“correct”

“Bank” Katy shouted and just in time, the lights came up and the buzzer sounded to signal the end of the round. The lights and cameras now focused back on the host Anne.

“Well, I have to say im impressed, that has to be one of the best starting rounds we have had in a while. Together you managed to bank a total of £1,740 in just 3 minutes. If you keep that up one of you will be leaving very happy." The contestants finally managed their first smiles since starting the game, the first round was over and a lot of the anxiety seemed to have done with it.

“Now then, this rounds strongest link was a tie with many of you answering all questions correctly, however Amanda banked the most money and as such is the strongest link for this round. The weakest link was also tied between Katy and Alex who both got one question wrong, however Alex just managed to beat out Katy with the number of correct answers at the end there, so unfortunately, Katy you are the weakest link”

It was now that the smiles disappeared again, they had all forgotten in the stress of the questions, what they were actually worried about. Between the contestants stood a large metal container, brightly lit and showing a total of 1,740ml of water, water which was about to be inside their bladders. The catheters they had been given had also been forgotten, but now reminded of their presence each woman could feel it inside them. They had all been surprised by how small and unobtrusive the devices had been when they had put them in, although the sensation was still a strange one.But it was about to get even stranger as the water level in the tank started to fall.

Each of the women except Amanda's faces suddenly became one of discomfort and slight puzzlement as the bizarre sensation of a bladder rapidly filling internally came over them. The body temperature mixture pumped into them at a steady rate, barely able to feel it and yet knowing what was happening.

As soon as it started, Katy’s face went from slight puzzlement to worried, suddenly realising that as the weakest link she was already facing 870ml from just the first round. Her eyes went wide in shock as the water kept pumping in. Luckily for her, they had been told the water also contained a mild sedative, not strong enough to affect their muscle control, but it should stop any contractions and enable each woman to hold around double their normal capacity, which was a lot for her. But even with that in the back of her mind, Katy was still worried by the amount going into her bladder right now, there was a long way to go.

As the rest of the ladies pumps stopped at just over 215ml, Katy's kept going. She could defiantly feel it now, a need to pee that was only getting worse by the second. She looked around to see the others now seemingly relieved, with the strange sensation stopping and the barest need to pee. If she kept loosing she was in trouble, she wasn’t sure she could take another round like that. She had to do better, although that was easier said than done with her now constant need to pee. Finally the pump stopped and she breathed slowly, her suddenly full bladder slowly coming to terms with the amount of liquid current inside it. Unfortunately for her, they were also told that despite being able to put liquid in, these catheters did nothing to stop it coming out when the need was too much.

A sudden flick of the lights and drumming noise brought Katy back to the present,

“now its time for round 2, which will focus on Science”

Amanda almost cheered. Winning the first round and now the next was on her speciality, things were going her way so far. Meanwhile, Katy bit her lip, science was not her strong suit either, but she just had to win if she wanted a chance at the money.

“Lets begin, this time with Amanda”

“Recent studies suggest that the appendix might be used for what function in the body?”

“Storing gut microbes”

“Correct”

And that was it, the round flew by for the contestants. Amanda was the clear winner, getting each question correct. Many of the others made mistakes or had to pass on questions they didn’t even understand, let alone know the answer too. They totalled a measly £670 which was less than half of what they got in the first round. Without Amanda they would probably not have got even half that much money, although while many were glad she was here Katy couldn’t help but feel an amount of resentment. Each right answer from Amanda meant more water for her already aching bladder to take. By her second wrong question on something about the nitrogen cycle, she knew she was going to end up as the weakest link again. As such, she had been tactically banking, trying to limit the progression towards the larger amounts at the top on, although in some ways she wished she hadn’t and now had to face an extra 335ml.

As the host finished congratulating Amanda, the girls felt their pumps activate for a second time, although for a much shorter amount of time. Each could now feel that their bladders were somewhat full, well except for Katy whose need was becoming urgent. But as the pump finished filling her, Katy reminded herself, “you didn’t come on this show to win by intelligence, you came to win by strength, you have an iron bladder that won’t be beaten. Lat month we beat more than a dozen people in that stupid college drinking game and you know you can hold at least a litre on a good day.” She took a deep breath and centred herself, it was going to be hard but she knew she could do it. Looking around, some of the others were staring to look needy, with less than a third of what she had in her. This wasn’t a sprint, it was a marathon.

Current totals

Alex: 302ml

Amanda: 0ml

Claudia: 302ml

Katy: 1205ml

Olivia: 302ml

Scarlett: 302ml

Well that was a bit longer than I originally planned, hopefully it wasn't too much about the questions, I'll possibly do every other round as a full list of questions, otherwise it might be a little long and also a little short of desperation. Would love to know what you guys think so far, any tips would be appreciated!

More coming soon.

*007*2019-12-29 23:38

{{3 hours ago, P. Anonymous said:

It's a fascinating concept, Markj9494! Please continue.

And you're right, you'd better not mention every single question asked in the show, as the exact questions are not important for the story. I think you'd better focus on what everyone is thinking/feeling while the others are answering questions.

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it, and thanks for the feedback. Im still trying to find the right balance between questions and other content at the moment. So the next chapters probably wont be perfect but hopefully still enjoyable.

{{4 hours ago, ola93 said:

Lovely story that I'll be glad to follow.

Just some small constructive criticism: you may want to pay a little more attention at the differences between similar words. I was confused for a moment a couple of times when you wrote "to" where you meant "too" and "were" where you meant "we're".

}}

Hi, thanks for reading and the feedback. I will defiantly try to be better at that in the future, and hopefully its not to confusing.

{{6 hours ago, desperation_fan said:

Love it!

}}

Thank you!

{{7 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This is very interesting so far

}}

Thank you for reading, im fan of your content so im glad to know it intrigues you.

*010*2019-12-30 18:13

Chapter 3: The whale.

“Now that the pumps have finished, lets see if you ladies can do better in round three, which is on sports”

Until now Scarlet hadn't been feeling the most confident, she had held her own but knew it was her strength not intellect that she was relying on to win. But with the mention of sports she suddenly perked up, this was her strong suit and her chance for a break. Now, if she could also get the others to do well in this round, she could really start to make the others feel it. She felt bad about doing it to them, but she was sure they would all be doing the same in their speciality rounds.

The lights came down and cameras turned back to face each of the contestants, the next round was beginning.

“Starting with Claudia, in what sport is the trophy of borg warner awarded?”

"Indie 500"

“correct, Katy, what is the second event during a men's decathlon?"

“High jump“ she thanked her brother the track start for that one, hopefully she could keep up the questions and get some banking in this round.

“Incorrect, it’s the long jump” Katy looked at her in disbelief, this couldn’t be happening again could it? She cursed the small swimming pool of liquid currently calling her body home. She knew the answer, but a quick slip of concentration and she might end up paying the price. Her legs unconsciously squeezed closer together, as if in preparation of what might be about to happen.

"Olivia, name the 100/1 winner of the 2009 grand national"

“Mon Morne”, a bet she was unlikely to forget as a £10 stake got her 2 weeks in Tenerife.

“Correct, Scarlet in which city is the San siro lo…”

“Milan”, she had answered before the end of the question, scarlet was playing to win and win big.

“Correct, Alex why was there no baseball world series in 1994 in America?”

“Player strike?” she wasn’t sure of the answer since she was a child at time, but what else could it have been.

“Correct, Amanda, Desmond Douglas was in the world top 10 for which sport?

“Table tennis”

“Correct, Claudia which player famous beat Ivan lendel in the French open with an underhand serve?”

“Michael Chang” A favourite of her Dads, ever since that day

“Correct Katy, which country won the first ever football world cup?”

Finally something she knew “Uruguay”

“Correct, Olivia which country has played in every football world cup since their debut?”

“Brazil?” it was a total guess, she knew nothing about football except that Brazil were good.

“Correct” She sighed in relief, something Scarlet seemed to sense.

“Bank”

“Scarlet, in which year was the first Wimbledon ten.….”

“1877”

“Correct, Alex, who is known as the godfather of boxing”

“Muhamad ali”

“Correct, Amanda, how high is a basketball hoop in feet?”

“10”

“Correct, 1 minute to play. Claudia, which country does Novak Djokovic come from?”

“Serbia?”

“Correct, Katy,” – should she bank? She isn’t winning at the moment so if she gets it wrong its half for her anyway, so why make things worse.

“How many ground referees are there in a football match?”

“1” an answer so simple it almost seemed like a trick question.

“Correct, Olivia who was the winner of the 2013 tour de frace?”

“Chris Froome”

“Correct, Scarlet Who has the most consecutive wins in Wrestle mania?”

“The undertaker”

“Correct”

“Bank” another 600, just what Scarlet wanted.

“Alex Kevin keegan joined what team after leaving Liverpool in 1971?”

“Manchester united?” it was a total guess.

“Incorrect, it was Scunthorpe united”. Alex glanced at Katy, that was one wrong answer each, and time was almost up, would Katy get another question?

“Amanda, which is the only sport in the USA that doesn’t use a game clock”

“um….." she paused thinking for just a few seconds "Base ball?”

“Correct”

“Bank!” Claudia had just got there in time, no Sooner as she had said the words, the buzzer went and the lights came up again.

Scarlet was confident she would be the strongest link, although everyone did well in that round. Katy meanwhile was starting to fidget, the pressure finally starting to get to her and making her tap her foot. She kept telling herself it was all in her head, but just looking at her usually flat stomach clearly told her it wasn’t. A noticeable bulge was sticking out, easy to see in her form fitting purple dress.

“Another good round for you, with £1,220 added to your total, that was clearly a good round for you Scarlet, but if you could let me finish my questions that would be nice." The host was now half glaring at her, but she didnt care, she was about to get the upper hand in the competition. "But either way, you tied for the strongest link again, but banked more than the others. So, for this round you are the strongest link”

A pit was opening up in Katy’s stomach, unsure if it was the amount of liquid in her, or the thought of taking even more that was making her slightly queasy. Her foot tapping had escalated, now her legs were constantly shuffling behind the podium.

“Unfortunately, Katy you are the weakest link, Alex just beat you by banking that 600 earlier, you need to be quicker on the banks if you want to avoid being the weakest link next time.”

The advice fell on deaf ears, Katy was too busy giving herself another pep talk, in preparation of the next load of liquid. Another 710ml which by her calculations would put her worryingly close to the 2 litre maximum she estimated she had. That is, if the drugs even worked how they said they did? Despite a lack of spasms which was a blessing, she could defiantly feel the tension in her bladder which was already uncomfortable to say the least. A sensation only made worse when the pumps activated once again. Katy wanted to scream, as much in frustration as in pain. She had lost the last 3 rounds in a row, how could she let this happen? She looked at the other women, most with their eyes closed trying to remain calm as their bodies were pumped full of more water.

Scarlet was enjoying the momentary respite, looking on as Katy's bladder seemed to balloon more and more with each passing second. She didn’t know how someone so small could contain so much liquid, maybe the drugs really do work, or maybe she is just that good at holding. Either way she was glad she wasn’t in her position.

On the other hand Katy was grimacing now, unable to hide the discomfort as she leaned against her podium. Using it for support and for a bit of added pressure to keep her internal lake at bay. Each second filled her with more water and bringing her closer to a very public accident. But she couldn’t let that happen, she just couldn’t!

Despite the overwhelming evidence that it wasn’t, she started chanting to herself again “its all in your head, you can do this, you've had to go worse than this in the past”, it was a lie, she knew it was a lie, but it was all she could think of to stop herself exploding on the spot. Thankfully after 30 seconds the pump stopped and she regained control of her breathing. She unclenched her hands which had been tightly balled by her sides, looking down at them there were clear marks where her nails had left dents In the palm of her hands from how tightly she had been clenched. But instead of making her want to release and get it over with, it made her more determined not too, she had the willpower to win!

“Round four will be on art and literature, are the contestants ready?”

The ladies all nodded, as Katy lent further towards the podium, steeling herself for the next round of questions. Her bladder throbbed gently inside her, the frequent pulses now stopping Katy putting her discomfort to the back of her mind for long. This was going to be long contest and she just hoped that her increasing discomfort wouldn't cause her any more slip ups. She looked at the host at the lights came back down to her level, squinting as she caught the direct beam of one of the lights.

“First question is for Katy, 3 minutes on the clock starting now, Which 1851 novel was first published in Britain under the title The Whale?”

“Moby dick” it had to be, it’s the only famous whale book?

“Correct, Olivia The Bennet family appear in which Jane Austen novel?”

“Pride and Prejudice”

“Correct, Scarlett Which painter is associated with the Stour valley on the Essex/Suffolk border?"

“John Constable”

“Correct, Alex Who wrote The Day of the Jackal about an attempted assassination of Charles de Gaulle?"

“Frederick Forsyth” she hated reading it at school, but now with everything on the line she was glad she had. The slight tenseness in her bladder a constant reminder of what was to come if she was the weakest link. It was close last round, but she was only growing in confidence.

“Correct, Amanda, Who painted a number of paintings of water lilies in his garden at Giverney?”

“Monet”

“Correct, Claudia, About which otter did Henry Williamson write a 1927 novel?”

“Tarka Otter”

“Correct, Katy, During the reign of which King of England was Hans Holbein the Younger a prominent painter?”

Finally something she knew “Henry VIII”. Sh*T, she should have banked. As soon as she said it, what Anne had said that last round made sense to her, she should defiantly have banked, with no wrong answers yet it could be the difference between the strongest and weakest links.

“Correct, Olivia Who is the chief protagonist in John Buchan’s The 39 Steps?”

“Richard Hannay”

“Correct”

Scarlet Knew she should bank, but one more question and it would be the full £1,000.

“Scarlet, Which pottery form takes its name from the Italian for “baked earth”?”

She sighed in relief, “Terracotta”

“Correct”

“Bank”

“That’s another £1,000 and we are at the half way mark, Alex, How long did Rip Van Winkle sleep for?"

“20 years”

“Correct, Amanda What was the first name of Agatha Christie’s Miss Marple?”

“Jane”

“Correct, Katy,”

“Bank”

“Whose “Laughable Lyrics” included The Quangle Wangle’s Hat and The Dong with a Luminous Nose?”

"Edward Lear" Why did she know this, not that she was complaining, at least about the questions. Her plan had worked as well, she banked £50 which was more than some of the others.

"Correct"

“Bank”

Although it seemed like some might have cottoned onto her plan, Katy turned to look at Olivia who gave her a knowing smile back, she was defiantly onto her. But as long as nothing went wrong, it would all be fine, wouldn’t it?

“Olivia Who painted his grandson in the famous work, Bubbles?”

“Sir John Everett Millais”

“Correct, Scarlet Who is the wizard in The Hobbit?”

“Gandalf”

“Correct, Alex, Which of King Arthur’s nephews had an encounter with the Green Knight?

“Sir Gawain”

“Correct" “bank” "Amanda In which country are Njál’s Saga and Laxdaela Saga set?”

“Iceland”

“Correct" “bank” . it appears everyone was playing Katy's game now, checking the time she wasn’t sure if she would get another question.

“Claudia, By law, what had to be lowered at least once during every theatrical performance although this has been relaxed in recent years?

“The safety curtain”

“Correct Katy" “BANK”

And again, the buzzer sounded on the end of the fourth round, she had done it. Katy wasn’t last.

“Despite a great start with the maximum reached in less than half the time, some over eager bankers seemed to have stopped you in your tracks. The total for round four is £1,230, with Alex taking the top spot due to her max bank, unfortunately Scarlet its your turn as the weakest link."

That took her by surprise, she hadn’t noticed the little game everyone else was playing, she was to focused on getting her answers right, which she did. Not a single wrong answer, and yet here she was. But it wouldn’t be too bad would it, she missed out last round so it evens out right? She turned to look at Katy, as if taking a look into her future. She could have sworn Katy's bladder looked even bigger than it did at the end of the last round, she was currently gently holding it with her legs crossed, sweat forming on her brow from the effort, although she still looked quite calm from the outside.

Inside, the adrenaline from the rounds themselves was keeping her mind occupied, but these intermissions were starting to prove hard to deal with, with nothing else to occupy her mind. She could only take short shallow breaths, her bladder was now so full even filling her lungs with air seemed to apply more pressure to her heavily distended bladder. She was at capacity but determined to win at all costs. Then the pumps activated for the fourth time.

Despite not losing, katy still hadn’t won and as such was taking in her share, by her count that was an extra 154ml. It was hardly anything compared to what she had already taken, but she could feel it, like the pressure was increasing exponentially with each extra millilitre. She stopped breathing completely as the tightness in the bladder reached a crescendo, an ocean of liquid pushing with all its might against the thin walls of her tiring body. Catching a glimpse of herself in the reflection of one of the podiums showed her the extent of the damage, she looked pregnant.

Her bladder stuck a full 4 inches out, her skin tight purple dress doing nothing to hide it. But seeing it properly for the first time somehow made it worse, as if the reality finally sank in and the pressure seemed to double almost instantly. A moan escaped her pursed lips, the pulses from her tiring muscles were getting closer and closer together as more and more water entered her. Looking at her protruding bladder she thought she could see it physically quivering in effort to keep its content contained. This was it, Right from that first question, everything was against her. Shaking her head in denial, her willpower the only thing holding her sphincter shut. Crossing her legs didn’t even help at this point, in fact she felt if she moved then that would be it. She was stuck in this position for eternity.

Then it happened, the inevitable. Katy's arms moved with lightning speed as she shoved her hands between her legs as hard as she could, but it did nothing. Her body simply refused to hold onto her pee any longer, far beyond its usual capacity it wanted it out as fast as possible. A thunderous torrent of liquid began spraying out of her at a speed and ferocity that was hard to imagine. The pleasure was almost too much for Katy, as her knees buckled and she fell into a crouch still peeing full force. A lake of liquid surrounded her, still expanding from her never ending pee, turning her pristine dress darker and darker as her bladder finally emptied itself. It turned out her earlier estimates of being able to hold 2 litres were about right, that final 69ml was what did her in.

To Katy there was no embarrassment, just relief as the world faded out and she focused on the relief. She had been lying to herself, and now she could admit it. This was the worst she had ever needed to pee in her life, and this was the pest dam piss of her entire life.

The average mammal relieves a full bladder in around 21 seconds, it took more than 100 for Katy to stop peeing. Almost 2 minutes in bliss, and then she heard it, the applause. Were people actually applauding her for wetting herself? Even so, the years of training and inbuilt shame overcame her. Katy quickly stood from the giant puddle she had created, her once pristine dress still dripping she avoided eye contact with everyone as she quickly made her way off the stage. Her bladder had let her down, something she was sure could never happen.

And then there were 5.

Stats and the end of round 4.

Alex: 455ml

Amanda: 307ml

Claudia: 609ml

Olivia: 609ml

Scarlet: 917ml

Katy: 2069ml – 6th place

I hope you guys liked that chapter, im still developing my writing ability but we finally got to a wetting! More desperation should be happening from here on out as the rounds continue.

Who will win in the end?

Stay tuned to find out!
