The conference (part 4)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-06-06 15:18

With her hand still down the front of her suit skirt gripping her crotch June lets go of the chair she’s been gripping and paces the room again moaning quietly.

‘Oh come on! Come on! Get a move on and unlock this room! I need to pee now!’

James, his own hand stroking and squeezing his very obvious erect dick in his boxers is entranced. Watching June is mesmerising, unbelievably sexy, and sending his body and mind into overdrive. Not only can he understand and relate to the intense urgency June feels but he can’t help wondering if she might just be every bit as sexually heightened by their joint desperation as he is. Or maybe he imagined the spark of passion in her eye, the teasing way her bottom wiggles as she walks and the flushing of her cheeks when her eyes gaze at his crotch?

‘Oh fuck she’s just so perfect!’

‘Sorry did you say something?’

James’s face flushes as the sudden realisation that his mouth actually said what he had hoped was just a thought in his mind sinks in.

‘Oh. Emmm.’

He tries to look away from June but not very successfully as once again their eyes meet before June once again stares openly at first James’s swollen bladder then his very obvious erection under his boxers.

June smiles as her eyes twinkle.

‘Does having a full bladder usually do that to you or is it...’

But before she can finish her sentence she doubles forwards, her hand still down the front of her skirt as she marches on the spot...

‘No! No! Keep holding June. You can do this! Oh God no! Shit shit. SHIT!’

Suddenly she pulls her hand away from her crotch and in an instant she pulls up the sides of her skirt revealing the top of her black stockings held up with black suspenders attached to her black cotton lace frilled knickers. Pressing her fingers tight against her knickers with both hands and tensing her whole body June sits back down on the chair, her legs spread either side of it as she whispers through gritted teeth.

‘This is so unprofessional. I can’t believe I’m doing this. This is so embarrassing! My knickers are wet where I just leaked. Can you see it? It is noticeable? Oh tell me you can’t tell please James! Oh this can’t be happening. I’m not going to make it to the toilet. I can’t...I just can’t hold this...’

James shakes his head in disbelief. Is this really happening? Has a well dressed professional woman seriously sat right in front of him revealing the sexiest lingerie and hosiery and actually asking him if she’s leaked urine in her knickers because she’s so utterly desperate to pee? Is he dreaming? If he is then his penis clearly is too because it very nearly shot a load a second ago! He’s struggling to breath and form words as his mouth goes dry and his eyes bulge in amazement. Dare he say what he wants to? Dare he seriously ask what his hands and body and dick are urgently craving?

His erect and thick penis vibrating in his boxers gagging now for more than just releasing the contents of his bladder James can’t help but step ever closer to June as she sits in front of him her legs spread and her knickers covered crotch facing right at him.

‘It’s...it’s hard to tell really. I would need to look closer..that’s if you don’t mind?’

‘Just hurry! Oh God how I wish I could plug my urethra shut! Oh God this is so hard to hold back. It’s about to come out! I can’t stop it! I’m gonna have an accident! I can’t stop this happening any longer...’

James’s head spins. That’s exactly how he feels too. The pull, the pressure, the intensity is just too much to bare....

*002*2021-06-06 16:05

{{38 minutes ago, wannawatch said:

".. the intensity is just too much to bare...."

It really is ! Reading this..allmost too h o t !?

}}

Glad you are enjoying reading it as much as I am enjoying writing it...more to come soon. Will they burst or will something else happen?

