Dee Dee and Her Friends Are Desperate

Author: mysterious331

*000*2021-07-05 08:27

Dee Dee and her friends Mee Mee and Lee Lee were at Koosland drinking tea at the Pony Puff Princess Party. It was hot with a drizzle of honey with fresh squeezed lemon juice mixed inside. Koosey was also enjoying it with them at the table.

"Thanks for the tea, Koosey!" Dee Dee told him. "I think I want some more!"

"Me too!" both Mee Mee and Lee Lee added.

"Of course, girls!" Koosey told them. "You can have as much as you like!"

Dee Dee and her friends had a second cup of the tea. Then a third. By the fifth cup, the pitcher was now empty, and Dee Dee and her friends were feeling full.

"Whoa!" Koosey cried out staring at the empty pitcher. "Looks like you girls really loved this stuff! I'll be sure to make some more tomorrow!"

"That's fine!" Lee Lee told him. "We're not thirsty anymore! So we'll just continue playing!"

"Last one out's a dork!" Dee Dee called out to her friends.

The girls laughed as they continued playing outside. They jump roped, played hopscotch, jacks, and with their ponies. They continued playing for an hour until they all felt their bladders swishing.

"Whoa!" Mee Mee cried out. "Looks like that tea Koosey offered us really went down on us!"

"I'll say!" Dee Dee added. "Let's go use the bathroom before we leave!"

So Dee Dee and her friends headed back to the party to see the creature.

'Hey, Koosey!" Dee Dee told him. "You mind giving us a minute? We gotta use the bathroom!"

"Sorry," Koosey shrugged. "There's no bathroom in this place."

"No bathroom?!" Lee Lee cried out. "How can you have a party house with no bathroom?!"

"We're very desperate!" Dee Dee added. "We have to go now!"

"Let's just go behind those bushes!" Mee Mee suggested pointing at the bushes outside.

"Yuck!" Dee Dee and Lee Lee moaned in disgust.

"I don't go potty outside!" Dee Dee said on her own.

"And besides, nature potty breaks are detrimental out here in Koosland," Koosey added. "If anyone went out here, bad things will happen!"

"Can you please take us home then, Koosey?" Dee Dee asked. "We can't hold it long enough!"

"No problem!" Koosey told her.

He opened a portal than seemed to be a dimension back home. "Here you girls go!" he told the girls. "Hope you make it on time."

So Dee Dee, Mee Mee, and Lee Lee went through the portal and found themselves outside of Dee Dee's house. They were still crossing their legs together, grabbing tightly on their crotches.

"We're back home!" Dee Dee said. "Now we can go use the bathroom."

"But how are we going to all go at once?" Mee Mee asked.

"Yeah," Lee Lee added. "We can't all go at once."

"Don't worry," Dee Dee told them. "My house has three bathrooms. So we all can go and each of us will have our privacy."

"Nice!" Mee Mee and Lee Lee said together.

With their hands grabbing onto their crotches, the girls ran inside the house and ran to the bathroom downstairs. The door was locked.

"Hang on!" they heard Dad calling from inside.

Inside, Dad was standing over the toilet urinating while humming. Outside the bathroom door, Dee Dee and her friends groaned.

"So much for our own privacy," Mee Mee grumbled.

"Let's try the bathroom upstairs!" Lee Lee suggested. "We may not have our privacy, but at least we'll be relieved!"

"Great idea!" Dee Dee agreed. "I will take the toilet, Mee Mee will take the sink, and Lee Lee will take the bathtub."

So the girls desperately ran upstairs and went to the bathroom door. But as Dee Dee turned the knob, she found that it was locked too.

"Aw come on!" she groaned.

"I'll be out in a minute!" the girls heard Mom call from inside.

Inside, Mom was sitting on the toilet urinating loudly. "I shouldn't have drank a full liter of that orange juice," she whispered to herself.

"What do we do now, Dee Dee?" Lee Lee asked. "Both your parents are in the bathroom and we have to go really bad!"

That's when Dee Dee had an idea. "I got it!" she said. "Come with me."

So Dee Dee guided her friends to Dexter's bedroom and used the card she had in her pocket to open the locked door. "Are you sure we should be sneaking in your brother's lab, Dee Dee?" Mee Mee asked. "You know he doesn't like when we sneak inside."

"We're just going to ask him if he could make a bathroom for us to use," Dee Dee said as she somehow got through the secret bookcase. "Come on."

So Dee Dee's friends followed her inside and looked around. "DEXTER!" they called out walking through the lab. "DEXTER!"

"Dee Dee, I think I'm going to burst," Lee Lee moaned.

"Let's face it, Dee Dee," Mee Mee added. "We're not going to make it. So let's just let it all out and go change into some dry clothing. Because we're so far away from the bathroom that I can't take another step."

Just then, Dee Dee spotted what looked like three porta potties built with steel. "We're saved, girls!" she told her friends. "We're saved!"

The girls cheered in relief and ran to the tree porta potties. They took one each and locked the doors behind them. One by one, they pulled down their panties and sat on what appeared to be each toilets inside. As they started urinating, they sighed in relief. They couldn't be happier to have made it on time after so much desperation. Their urine each splashed into each toilet bowl loudly, and they were also laughing in relief.

It was now a minute since they started, and they were finally finished. There was no toilet paper, so they each had to shake it dry instead before pulling up their panties and exiting out.

"Now that felt much better," Lee Lee said.

"I'm glad your brother was smart enough to build a couple porta potties in here," Mee Mee added.

"Which reminds me," Dee Dee said. "I have to find Dexter to thank him."

But before the girls could search for the young scientist, they saw that the porta potties were going haywire somehow. It didn't take long to realize that what the girls thought were porta potties was actually an experiment used to deliver electronics and order them. The experiment was surrounded by shocking bolts, and in about fifteen seconds, it exploded tremendously enough to leave a gigantic hole through the roof, revealing the sky outside.

"DEE DEE!" the girls heard Dexter scream angrily.

"Uh-oh," the girls said together. They knew Dexter was not happy with them.

THE END

