A Golden Decree

Author: Markj9494

*000*2020-08-18 20:10

A Golden Decree

This story was a commission from Foxlover and is set in the same setting (different country) as his Order of the Chamber ladies RP which can be found here:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/13577-order-of-the-chamber-ladies/?do=embed"

It is well worth a read, but not necessary to hopefully enjoy this story.

Walking up the muddy path Valorie could feel a light rain starting to fall, its gentle caress landing softly on her pale skin. Looking up at the dark clouds it seemed as if they had been filling the skies for weeks at this point, their drab colour matching the run-down streets she was making her way through. Hard times had fallen on the kingdom Odera, the king Pochard having taken them to war with the surrounding kingdoms three years ago. Despite the wealth of the region, it was a war that everyone knew they could not win.

First went the trade, then the men who left to fight in a futile war until finally it was the king himself how left, dying of natural causes or at least that was the official cause. But now he was gone, the war had swiftly ended without the vanity of a petulant man to force it to continue. The peace accords had taken place over the last few months, the deliberating nations deciding that despite the war Odera should be allowed to continue as a free nation. An uneasy peace between some of the other countries after political or tactical blunders, a peace that was threatening to be shattered if any of the other kings were to stake a claim to their large land.

When she was young Valorie had been told stories by her farther about how Odera was a proud intermediary for many historical peace talks, their country situated at an impasse where most of the other countries shared very little of their borders with each other. Centuries ago it had meant that Odera had been the most wealthy and renowned country, a mix of all cultures, people and trade. If you wanted something you knew you could find it in Griel, the capital and once crowning jewel of the empire. But now it was a totally different story, a mad king and unwinnable war turning even the once opulent streets dingy and covered in a thick layer of grime and oppression. Stepping behind a crumbing stone wall she watched a large wagon pass her and head towards the queens castle in front of her.

The decree had come around early this morning, the queens guard noisily hammering the notice onto the board of her lady’s house. Apparently, the other nations had asked for war reparations as a payment for the loss of their men and destruction of land during the war. Payments the crown could no longer afford due to a lack of trade and a war that lasted three long years, it was no surprise the coffers were empty. As such, it seemed the onus had fallen on the people including her lord and lady.

The package she was currently holding was easily worth more than she had ever seen or would see in her life. A solid gold chamber pot, something that had become a standard through the nation, at least for its higher ups. The old pewter or cast-iron pots melted down long ago and turned into weapons for the war, leaving the poor to go outside and the rich to fashion new ones using the one thing they had at the time, Gold. But now that gold was in demand, even these were being taken away by the Queen as she hoped to tax the lands gold to repay the other countries quickly.

Crossing over the small bridge that connected the castle to the town she avoided making eye contact with the guards she passed. Most of them either angry, tormented after the war or so un-trusted during it, they had been left behind rather than taken as part of the army. Stepping carefully up the cobbled path she saw the wagon that had passed her earlier, currently unloading a number of servant women. The man seemingly setting up a stall and small podium, were they selling them off? She had heard of lords who couldn’t make the payment selling their charges and even children to avoid the accusations of treason that went along with the failure to pay.

Stepping into the servant’s entrance of the castle Valorie made her way up to the main hall, directed by a number of other guards or servants. A line of other maids and servants currently handing over similarly flashy chamber pots, the crown seemingly collecting them from all over their land. Waiting patiently in line she finally made it to the front, greeted by a old man and a large leather book.

“Name” he said harshly.

“Lady Emily Saunders of Conningham” She announced the name of her employer with pride, she had served her for years and it had been an honour to be trusted with this task.

“Right” He said taking a note of her name in the book and scribbling something else.

“I also have a note from her she said to give to you.” Valorie said, handing over the sealed letter.

Looking up for the first time the man squinted slightly at her, reaching out a rake of a hand and carefully taking the note. Sliding his finger through the seal he began to read for a few moments, nodding and then looking at her for a few seconds.

“Guards, take her to the auction” The man said, the letter flapping in his hand as two large men came towards them.

“Wait, there has to be a mistake!” Valorie cried, how could her lady do this to her. She had never done anything to dishonour her, why would she do this too her.

“No mistake, Next!” He said unemotionally as she was led away.

What could have happened, why had she given her up? Valorie had been surprised to be the one to receive this order, with many of the older servants far more trusted than her. Yet she had been the one to carry her life’s worth of gold to the castle, but the sullen looks from her friends suddenly making sense. They must have known she wasn’t coming back.

Leaving through the front gate the sounds of the auction met her ears.

“14 gold!” a cry came through the crowd.

“ 14 gold and 3 silver!” another voice beat the previous offer.

“Any more for any more?” The auctioneer asked as Valorie was swiftly pushed into line with the others.

“Sold” The Auctioneer said as the tall brunette on stage was replaced by a slightly older woman, her long blonde hair now containing the occasional wisp of grey. Despite this, her face didn’t show the same signs of time that her hair did, making it difficult to tell her true age.

“Shall we start with 8 Gold, good seamstress and chamber lady”

“Aye, we need one of those. 8 Gold” A man shouted from the crowd and with no opposition she was quickly sold.

Three more women went up one after another, fetching anything from 5 to 15 gold depending on skills and age. Valorie was starting to wonder about how much she was worth, what would happen if no one wanted her. Would she be able to return home or would she end up being dragged around the country until someone paid the minimum price for her.

“Up next we have…”

“40 Gold!” a man shouted before the auctioneer could finish, a hushed tone filling the crowed as they turned to look at the rich man.

But looking up at the stage Valorie couldn’t blame him, the woman standing there was truly breath-taking. Her supple porcelain skin completely unblemished by time as she stood there with poise more akin to the lady of a manor than a servant. Her emerald eyes piercing yes kind, the vivid colour making even her drab brown clothing somehow look more affluent than they would have been on any one else.

“As you say sir, 40 gold” The Auctioneer said, bowing slightly to the nobleman and not waiting for anyone to challenge him.

“Next up we have…”

Valorie felt her arm being pulled as she was man handled towards the stage, stumbling slightly she was suddenly in front of the small audience. The members of it looking her over, judging her, trying to discern her worth.

“What skills do you have” The man whispered to her.

“I…I don’t know, im just a serving girl” she whimpered, a tear rolling down her face as she realised must have been exactly why she had been thrown out, she had no skills and soon she would have no home or friends.

The crowd remained silent, a few of them rubbing their chins as if they were thinking about it but not a single bid came in.

“Come on ladies and Gentlemen, she is young and fit. Who will give me 5 Gold?” The auctioneer asked again.

Still more silence, did no one want her.

“4 Gold then?” The seller lowered the price.

“I’ll take her for 3 gold, a middle-aged woman held up her hand”

Finally a bid! Valorie didn’t want to be sold, but at least it was better than the thought that no one wanted her, even as a servant.

“Sold” The man said, clapping his hands together and not waiting for any other bids, or maybe for her to reevaluate the price.

Walking off the stage she was still in a little bit of a daze, the last 15 minutes a blur to her as she joined the group that had been successfully sold.

A few minutes later Valorie along with a group of around 12 others were ushered back into the castle, having seemingly being bought by nobles that resided within it. A small comfort that at at least she wouldn’t get taken away to some far away land for a noble she didn’t know. Even though she hadn’t been in the castle often she at least knew the town, the traders and many of the other servants she would be working with.

Taken through the castle hallways they were led down a set of stone stairs into the basement, approaching a large wooden door they could hear raised voices on the other side of it.

“This is absurd, how can this be the only option”

“Im sorry M’Lady, it’s the Queens orders. Chamber ladies are becoming more common across the lands, its almost acceptable for most places to have one or two."

“Acceptable! I can assure you it is not acceptable for nobility to release themselves into a servant, or at least it is not in this castle!” The voice responded, getting louder as the conversation heated up.

“Im sorry M’Lady I meant nothing by it, buts like I said... it's the Queens orders.”

“Well, im going to have to go and speak to my daughter then!”

As the guard escorting them opened the door it revealed a tall room, possibly a store room of some kind that had been converted into what looked a like a dorm room. A number of beds crammed along the walls of the room, an old table in the centre and surrounded by mismatched chairs.

Stood next to the table were a pair of women of whom the voices belonged, one that Valorie recognised instantly as the Queen mother. She had been married to the king that had started the war, but after one too many protests had been confined to the caste, or at least those were the rumours that she had overheard spoken in hushed tones. Despite being next in line she had abdicated the throne to her daughter, the only child she had managed to conceive with her far more elderly husband.

“You must be the new servants, line up over there please” The queens mother said, her voice far more calm and poised now.

Moving over Valorie was surprised to find herself stood next to the Black haired beauty from before, why would a noble spend 40 Gold on a woman like her only to put her with the rest of them. Walking to the front of the line the Queens mother gave the first girl the once over, a short blonde woman who seemed as nervous as he felt.

“Name and previous role” The queens mother ordered, making the blonde servant stand to attention.

“Charlotte…um servant…”

Nodding the Queen went to the next in line, another blonde but much bulkier. Her arms and legs clearly strong for years of hard work.

“Name and role”

“Rebecca, farm hand.” An answer that apparently surprised a few of those in the room. A few years ago having a woman as a farm hand would have been unheard of, but with the men out to fight many had picked up jobs otherwise reserved for them. Thinking for a moment, the Queens mother nodded to herself, raising a finger as if she had gotten an idea. “Stables” she said, pointing to the woman and then to a guard in the corner who walked over and took her presumably to the stables.

Next in line was the tall black-haired woman next to Valorie. Even the Queens mother seemed to do a double take, a slight frown on her face as she too wondered why she was here.

“Name and role”

“Morgana, servant your grace” she said, gracefully curtsying.

“Seems one of you has some understanding of proper etiquette” The Queens mother said, a slight smile on her face.

“Next” she said, now standing imposingly In front of Valorie who couldn't help but swallow deeply.

“Valorie, servant your grace” she said, awkwardly curtsying and doing her best not to fall over. Her attempt getting a smile and a shake of a head from the woman in front of her.

“Well at least you learn quickly.”

Soon the line had been inspected, with two sent to the kitchens and the slightly older seamstress from before sent to the tailors. That left just 9 of them stood there, the women in front of them discussing something in hushed tones.

“Ok ladies, I will leave you in the capable hands on Caroline, a trusted advisory.” The queen mother said, turning and leaving the room escorted by a couple of heavily armed guards.

“Alright then, im Caroline and I am the head of your servants quarters” Said the middle aged brunette talking to them all. Her slightly larger frame far curvier than most of them in line, but the few extra pounds from the occasional castle feast only increasing her womanly charm and giving her a motherly figure.

“Now then, given the current circumstances you have all been selected as Chamber ladies. At least for the time being, it is possible your roles will change in time as other…options…become available to the nobles.”

“Im sorry M’am what is a chamber lady?”, one of the women asked to Valorie’s right. It was something she had been wondering, it was not a service she had heard about before but many of those in the auction had said they were one. Maybe it was something only the highest of nobles had around them?

“I can understand that, these are new times and this is a new role for us here. However, Chamber ladies have a proud tradition in other countries and even cities in our own nation. As for what we do, we offer relief to the nobles as and when they need it. Due to the current shortage of chamber pots we are currently experiencing, this is the new method that has been chosen to maintain the poise and dignity of noble folk.” Caroline finished, walking over to the nearest bed and picking up a strange tube.

“It is your duty to learn how to use one of these and to aid the nobles in its use. That should be no problem for any of you as it is quite simple, you insert one end into yourself and the noble inserts it into themselves." Reaching under her clothes it seemed she was demonstrating the strange procedure to them, even though they couldn't see what she was doing. " At which point it allows the transfer of fluids from one persons bladder to the others bladder. In this way it relieves the noble without them having to expose themselves outside where anyone could see them.”

A few nervous glances went around the group, although much to Valorie’s surprise it seemed that many of the group were expecting this, maybe it wasn’t as strange as she thought it was.

"Ordinarily we would allow you time to train yourselves to hold longer, but the sudden end to the war and the Queens decree have meant we do not have that luxury. To make matters worse there is a banquet in the castle tonight and you will all be in service throughout the event. As a starter I would recommend you empty yourselves fully before hand and limit drinks throughout."

"But now, just to check none of you will embarrass the nobility on your first day we are going to conduct a test.” Caroline finished, opening the door opposite the one they had come in from, revealing a line of fidgeting women. “The first 9 please” she commanded, those nearest the door shuffling into the room and standing opposite the new recruits. The group moving along until Valorie found herself staring at a much larger woman, her heavy set frame and thick neck supporting a toothy grin, the woman seemingly looking down on her with some feeling of glee.

“I hope your ready” she said quietly patting her bladder, the woman’s deep and ominous tone making Valorie shiver slightly. “I haven’t gone since last night” she seemed to boast.

“Alright Magnus, why don’t we swap you like this. Lets at least give the little girl a chance.” Caroline said, appearing over the large woman’s shoulder. Making the woman apparently called Magnus exchange places with the woman to her right and being replaced thankfully by someone built much more like herself. The young woman obviously squirming where she stood, her bladder apparently full want demanding her attention.

“Right then, each of these women was given three glasses of wine at breakfast and have been waiting to relieve themselves. Your job is to take three of them without making a mess on the floor” Caroline commanded.

Three! How could she take in 3 peoples bladders! Valorie worried, a sentiment shared by those not already accustom to this. Surely no one could do that, people only had one bladder for a reason right?

“Here you go” a tube was hastily pushed into Valories hand by the woman opposite, a look of anguish on her face signalling she was seconds from exploding where she stood.

It took a few moments to insert it correctly, a uncomfortable pressure making her wince for a moment. But as soon as it was in, it was hard to tell it was even in there really.

“Ok girls, you can go” Caroline said as a chorus of gasps filled the room, the nine wine filled women relaxing their muscles and their bladders emptying themselves. The sensation that followed was far stranger than anything Valorie had expected, a warm heat that was in a strange way comforting was suddenly building inside her from the bottom up. Her already half full bladder becoming heavier as the blushing woman continued to piss into her bladder.

After 20 seconds the woman stopped peeing, her body looking far more relaxed now. Despite an increase in pressure and the strange sensation, Valorie didn’t feel too much worse for it. The fullness in her bladder definitely noticeable now though, but maybe she could take three loads after all.

Beside her she watched as Magnus’s piss roared through the clear tubing and into Morgarna, the poised woman standing rigidly but her face looking calm. Even as the other 8 women ran dry, the large woman continued filling the black haired woman. The two of them staring into each others eyes, Morgarna’s emerald jem's unblinking as the strangers seemed almost to view each other as an adversarial. After 50 seconds the stream ended, with Magnus clearly grimacing as she tried to force out every drop of liquid from inside her. But Morgana didn’t break, in fact out of all of the new hires she somehow looked the most relaxed.

“Next” Caroline shouted, the line of relieved looking servants disappearing to go back to their jobs, replaced by 9 more desperate looking women.

Connecting up the next woman Valorie was quickly getting the hang of it, the process was simple despite its intimate nature. Standing with her feet slightly apart she felt her bladder begin to fill once again, the weight of the liquid inside her increasing substantially. Where as last time the room had been filled with a number of sighs of relief, this time the room was quickly filled with the low grunts and complaints of many of the women being filled. Their bladders filling faster and containing more than many of them had ever experienced before.

“I…I…..I” a small woman next to Valorie started to say something, her body shaking slightly as her bladder bulged out of her slim body. Moments later her torso convulsed, doubling over as the woman opposite grunted, the stream apparently changing direction and filling her instead,

“Stop woman, you’re the chamber lady!” The woman commanded but it was no use, the new recruit unable to control herself.

Grunting again the woman opposite pulled the device from herself, having refilled her bladder urine began to splash on the ground underneath her as she lost control. A second stream of pee still shooting out of the end of the tubing as the woman next to Valorie continued to empty herself through it. An acrid smelling puddle quickly spreading across the floor as many of those around her pressed their legs tighter together, the splashing noises of the two streams making them squirm even more.

The sight, sound, smell or combination there of was clearly too much for another of them, further down the line of women another seem to burst. Pee racing down her legs as her bladder lost control, the contents of it spilling onto the ground as those around her carefully stepped back.

“Next” shouted Caroline, clearly not phased or just used to the display of the three women wetting themselves a few feet from her.

9 more women entered, 7 being hooked up and two standing slightly awkwardly next to the still peeing women. The desperation on their faces clear as they danced on the spot, unsure of what to do.

As the third woman let loose a torrent into her bladder Valorie couldn’t help but grunt slightly, her inflated bladder being pushed hard by the new intake. Resting a hand on it through her clothes she could feel it almost vibrating as the new piss thundered into it at some speed. The uncomfortable woman opposite her clearly desperate and in much need of this relief. Within her the pressure was increasing by the second, but somehow she made it. The woman opposite her disconnecting herself and as the others finished she followed them out. The two desperate maids that had gone unrelieved looking around worried, but joining the others despite their bladders still being full from being forced to down glasses of wine with their breakfast.

“You and you” Caroline pointed angrily at the two women now standing in their wet clothes. “You failed, do you know what you could have caused if you did that in the presence of some of the guests tonight. Get out of my sight, Ill decide what to do with you later.”

The two women looked at each other sheepishly before trudging out of the room leaving a trail of drops and wet footprints.

“As for the rest of you, line up again please and this time with your legs a shoulder width apart.”

That last command would be difficult, most of them currently had their legs pressed tightly against each other, the need to urinate stronger than they could ever remember. Valorie was no different, but she had always done her best to control such urges, making sure to finish her chores before relieving herself. So being a bit desperate was nothing new, even though this just felt totally different. Taking a deep breath she took a step forwards to join the just as confident Morgana and a blonde woman to her right that she had missed the name of during the queen mothers questioning.

“I said shoulder width apart” Caroline chastised a young girl near the end of the line. Her hands buried deep in her crotch and legs crossed where she was stood. She had taken the three loads, but was clearly at her wits end.

“I cant” the poor girl sobbed.

“Can’t or wont?” Caroline said accusingly, her stern tone making the woman step forward her legs slightly apart.

“Shoulder width” Their apparent task master commanded, tapping the inside of the woman's legs who responded by widening her stance.

Almost as soon as she had moved them she let out a little whimper, moments before a waterfall began to fall between her slim legs. A river of other peoples pee slowly escaping the sobbing woman, her face now covered by her hands as she hid from the shame of being unable to control herself.

Shaking her head Caroline ignored her, walking back to the centre of the remaining 6.

“Now then, for the rest of you who plan on passing this test, it is important to keep your poise at all times unlike your friend here. You are no longer mere servants but chamber ladies, you will serve the most important and wealthy members of the crown and their visitors. As such, you much behave with a certain level of decorum, not like a small child.”

Beginning to pace up and down the line Caroline continued, the sense of pride she had about the job easy to hear in her tone.

“As a chamber lady your duty is to serve, regardless of your own needs. Your own needs must go silent and unnoticed by those you serve and those around them, it is a discrete service we offer. That goes for being filled too, there may come a time and place where you are required to in public and it is your responsibility to be able to perform your duty without others noticing, for the sake of your nobles whose appearance can be the difference between a successful meeting or not. You can not jeopardise the future of this country because you are unable to help or hold it” Caroline said, looking at the woman who had finally finished making a mess on the floor with a level of disdain.

Now then those of you who are new to this may think this is a little strange, perhaps even not worth it. But our position is a vital one, we help the lords and ladies maintain their dignity and in return we get to sit at some of the most important tables anywhere in the land. It is an honour and a privilege to be a chamber lady, don’t forget that.”

As she listened to her Caroline's stirring speech Valorie hadn’t thought about it before, but maybe she was right. Tonight she would be at a party in the same castle as the queen and all of the nobles. She wouldn’t have ever been allowed to see, let alone attend the event if she hadn’t been sold this morning.

“Now I will give you your patrons” Caroline said, walking up and down the row a few times as if gauging their ability to remain poised. Valorie had to admit it was getting harder, with each second that passed the urge to shut her legs was getting stronger.

“You, you and you” She pointed to three women, you will serve the visiting nobles between you.

Stepping in front of Valorie, Caroline seemed to think for a moment. Looking between her and Morgana, before pointing at her. “Queen”.

Valories eyes went wide, she would be serving the Queen! Not 30 minutes earlier she had been told she had no skills and now she was a servant of the most important and powerful woman in all the land. This had to be a mistake, what if she couldn’t handle it.

“Queens guest” Caroline said, her finger moving to Morgana.

Walking over to the final woman she paused for a moment “Lord and lady wellington. They will be in attendance together are you going to able to handle that.”

“Yes mam, I can handle anything. Give me a whole group if you want, this bladder doesn’t break” The stout large breasted blonde said confidently.

“Name?” Caroline asked.

“Laura”

“Well Laura, this is no place for Ego’s. If we do our job correctly, no one will even notice. Remember that”

Caroline’s sentence making the woman she was reprimanding blush deeply and Valorie could tell she was biting her tongue not to say something else.

“And you, wet one. Kitchen server” She said with a wave of her hand, not even looking in her direction.

“Now im sure you all need to relieve yourselves and remember to go again before you attended the party. It starts at 6pm but I would advise you to check in on your Patrons beforehand if you can. Maybe suggest they empty themselves before the party too so you can release it for them with the rest of the servants before it begins."

Pausing for a moment she turned to look at them all, her face stern and commanding "Remember, you are the key to our nobles remaining poised and respected, I wont have you degrading our country.”

With that their leader left through the door and the guards indicated they should exit the opposite way.

What a morning it had been, as she walked up the road this morning, Valorie could never have imagined how her life would have changed.

###

Thanks for reading, there was a lot of set up in this chapter but I hope it was enjoyable.

This is part 1 of 3, more to come soon.

*005*2020-08-20 15:08

{{17 hours ago, Foxlover said:

Surpassing and exceeding expectations, mate

}}

Hey, thank you so much, glad you are enjoying it and I hope the rest of it lives up to your expectations.

{{19 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this story so far

}}

Thank you!

{{On 8/18/2020 at 10:18 PM, Noot said:

Great piece! Big fan of the original story and envious of you getting to write something in the same world. Really well written.

}}

Yeah the original was such a great story and concept, its quite fun to get to write something in the same world. Although its quite the pressure to make something that reaches the same level.

{{On 8/18/2020 at 9:30 PM, Dtravis said:

Awesome as always, I am waiting for the next part! I've read the original story long time ago and always wished it would get continued.

}}

Thank you! It was definitely one of the best RP's that I have read on this site, at least for what I like. Its not quite the same as a continuation, but hopefully its still enjoyable.
