Reasons she couldn’t go: Pride

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-08-16 22:19

Reasons she couldn’t go: Pride

Paula was the only girl in her family. The youngest of five her parents were so convinced hey were having another boy they never bothered with the gender scan and even named her Paul, having to hastily add an ‘a’ at the end in shock the day she was born. By the time she was 2 she preferred her brother)s hand me down dungarees and joggers to the frilly dresses everyone tried to put on her, pulling tights off every time someone put them on her.

As she grew Paula was a wonderful mix of confident female but strong and as fit as any of her brothers. She could score a goal at football, down a pint and her favourite place was on the builders site with her dad, but yet she could dress to impress with skinny jeans, sleeveless top and incredible make up skills that made even her brothers turn their heads. Smart, savvy, and determined Paula left school with straight A’s but bucked any thought of going to university, determined instead to go into building and expand her father’s business.

Paula could put her hand to most things: building, plastering, roofing, plumbing and even basic electrics, though roofing soon became a firm favourite as she loved the climbing and danger of being on the roof. Being surrounded by men didn’t phase her one bit, it was natural, but she always felt she had to prove both her ability and strength just because she happened to be female.

Paula had spent her evenings promoting her dad’s business on social media, an area he hadn’t even even thought about. She made a short video for tiktok, an advert for YouTube and a bright shareable poster for twitter and Facebook. Within hours the phone was ringing and she organised visits and pricing. Her father was delighted and thanked Paula by making her project manager on a large church roof replacement that would take over a week to complete. Paula was delighted, ordering the parts, booking scaffolding and ringing delivery companies for a skip and tiles.

Paula arrived on scene in a pair of work jeans, a short sleeved t-shirt and her protective hat, and fasted the protective clips around her. The scaffolding was erected and the team of male colleagues ready to go. She finished her take away tea, tossed the cup in the skip and climbed up the scaffolding to start. The thrill of stripping the old roof excited Paula as she joked and laughed with the lads. The sun was out and soon Paula shouted for them all to have a break. They all made their way down and Davie was nominated to go to the shop for cans of cold juice. Paula drank hers in minutes before shouting to the others to head up as soon as they were ready.

The church was closed and Sarah was aware there was no nearby toilets on the high street but up on the roof she spotted a number of the guys freely pissing discreetly at the back of the church out of sight of the public. Her dad had always reminded her to order port a loos but Paula felt the expense could be better spent elsewhere. The guys never complained and she learnt to hold all day anyway so if no-one complained she wasn’t going to either.

After another break for late lunch the old roof was finally off and Paula spent the rest of the afternoon securing tarpaulin to keep the building water tight overnight. It proved much more difficult than planned, not helped by the fact by mid afternoon Paula really needed the toilet. Down below she watched frustratingly as Davie pissed freely behind the church as she crossed her legs on the scaffolding and gritted her teeth. If only the plastic cover would secure so she could finish and get home to the toilet. If only she could overcome her pride and piss behind the church like all the others!

Hitting another glitch Paula radioed for the team to gather at the side of the building to discuss how to secure the tarpaulin best overnight. Thankful to be on the ground Paula waited while the others joined her, moving around loads and stepping from foot to foot. Hearing her dad’s voice in her mind reminding her to always order the port a loo she bit her lip and crossed her legs, wishing she had listened to him instead of thinking she knew better. She was too proud to tell him he was right as she checked she was still alone before quickly grabbing between her legs. She needed the building water tight and quick because it wasn’t just the building that needed protecting from leaks right now!

Tam, an experienced older man on the team came to Paula’s rescue as he suggested tying the tarpaulin to the scaffolding for tonight and securing with bricks from the debris. Paula agreed, both because the idea was great but also because she didn’t have time to waste as her bladder continued to pulse and her pussy tingled in desperation. It was getting harder to keep her need from the team as she couldn’t stand still as they discussed and agreed the best places to tie the sheet. A few of the guys looked teasingly as her, one even jokingly asking if she was auditioning for ‘worlds best dancer’ on TV. Paula laughed it off but felt her cheeks redden regardless.

Paula could easily have left the guys to tie the tarpaulin but she hated them thinking she was skiving so she once again climbed the scaffolding and took up heavy bricks to weigh the covering down. Finally she was satisfied it was water tight and she released the team to go home before returning bright and early the following day. As they each headed away Paula checked the coast was clear and grabbed her crotch again as she stood at the side of her lorry. Her bladder hurt and the waist of her jeans dug in so Paula undid the clip and climbed into the drivers cab, absolutely desperate for a bathroom.

She bounced on the seat with both hands in her crotch as she cursed herself for not getting a port a loo. Suddenly remembering she would be back again tomorrow and it was close to 5pm she picked up her mobile and ran through her contacts deciding to swallow her pride and book a port a loo for the rest of the week. Of course there was no phone number in her contacts as she’d refused to book one before so with one hand clutched tightly between her thighs Paula called her dad hoping he could help.

The phone rang but went to his answer phone while Paula left a breathless message as she bounced frantically in the drivers seat, her knees hitting the steering wheel often. There was no way she could possibly drive in the state she was in and Paula decided there was nothing left but to ditch her pride and head to the back of the church as all the others had done and pee outside. Still holding her mobile she started hobbling around the building when her mobile rang. Paula saw it was her dad and instinctively answered. As she got closer to the rear of the church her phone signal cut right back to the point she could hardly hear her dad.

Paula was left with a problem: cut her dad off, pee behind the church and risk having to do this all week knowing if a port a loo wasn’t ordered before the company shut she’d most likely be stuck all week in the same situation or wait long enough to get her dad to order a port a loo tonight but risk peeing herself right now.

Paula couldn’t bring herself to cut her dad off and pride prevented her telling him that she was so absolutely desperate to pee she was seconds away from wetting. Embarrassed and sweating she leaned back on the scaffolding in tears as she tried to tell her dad the site details to order a portable toilet. As she gave him dates and postcodes she wrapped her legs around the scaffolding and pulled herself close as if cuddling it. The pressure in her bladder eased very slightly with having something hard against it but nothing could hold off the inevitable as poor Paula wet herself spectacularly whilst her dad ordered the very thing that could have prevented it happening.

If only Paula hadn’t been so full of pride. Then again haven’t we all found ourselves in difficult situations at times and wished we could swallow our pride and just say we made a mistake. I know I have and ust like Paula mine was also bathroom related but that’s a story for another theme!

*002*2020-08-17 20:51

{{4 hours ago, LilMiss said:

I love these short one-off stories of yours. Really lovely and a nice change of pace to read a complete, tightly-edited story like this. You're a really great writer, and I appreciate the effort you put into your stories!

}}

Thank you! I really enjoy writing them as love thinking of all different characters and situations. This fetish is fantastic for that since everyone has to pee really. Always happy to get suggestions for new series!

*005*2020-08-20 16:17

{{3 hours ago, New_Macca said:

I really enjoyed this what a really good scenario... and I’m sure we’d all love to know about the situation where your pride caused your bladder discomfort

}}

I’ll definitely post that. It was when I was a teacher and was too prideful to ask where the bathrooms were at a school I had never been to before .

*007*2020-08-22 08:43

{{13 hours ago, Wxnterxstreams said:

Will you make a part 2?

}}

I hadn’t planned to but you are not the first to request that I do more on some of the characters in my short stories so I’ll definitely think about it.

