The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition) - Page 2

Author: Markj9494

*020*2020-01-12 22:42

Chapter 7. The beginning of the end

The room was full of a tense form of anticipation as the two large bladdered and strong willed women squared off against each other for one last time. One way or the other, only one of these bloated women would leave with the money.

For the last time, the lights came down and cameras focused on the two remaining contestants, their hearts beat faster and bladders pulsed uncontrollably as the nerves doubled and discomfort increased. This was it, the beginning of the end.

“Question 1, how many NBA Championships did Michael Jordan win while playing for the Chicago Bulls?”

Both women paused, neither confident of their answers. Scarlet would have known this, but she wasn’t here to help. In fact, the helping each other portion was well and truly over, it was now a fight and with 30 seconds they could finally take their time to make their answers count.

“Times up and your answers are?” The contestants revealed their boards, turning them over was now an added challenge. The previous rounds Verbal answers meant they could keep their hands firmly between their legs, but now they needed to write and move their boards it wasn’t an option.

“So Alex you went with 4 and Olivia 5, unfortunately you are both incorrect as the correct answer was six.”

The worst possible start, no money and maximum water. If this kept up it could be a long time before either got the relief they so badly needed. Alex and Olivia looked at each other as the pumps started, something that if they were not careful would start happening far more often now. There was no pause or pretences after the questions either, if they were wrong they got filled and then it was onto the next one. As the 250ml was pumped in it felt different….almost colder. Both Women could feel it circulating inside them, before it seemed to dissipate into the contents of their already bursting bladders.

“Not the best start buts lets move onto the next question. What is often seen as the smallest unit of computer memory?”

The timer ticked loudly in the quiet room as the two women considered their responses and wrote them on their boards. “Your answers are Kilobyte and Megabyte…Alex that is correct, it was kilobyte and as such you take a 1-0 lead.” Almost instantly Olivia’s pump activated again and just as last round the coldness set in again. Despite the new influx her bladder didn’t even seem to notice or expand any further, had she finally reached her limit? She clutched her bulging appendage, squinting in discomfort as while it expanded no more, the internal pressure still mounted.

“Moving on, What was the name of the rock band formed by Jimmy Page?”

Thirty seconds had seemed like an age before the questions had started, and it might have been if the two women squirming on the pee covered stage were not full to bursting point. Writing alone was no easy task with both women sneaking hands to their crotch as often as possible. The reassuring pressure making them think they could make it. Despite the intense desperation, their bladders had calmed a little, it really was the speed that had caused such pain. Olivia couldn’t help but wonder how much Katy or Amanda could have held if it had been put more slowly into them. Her hand once again gravitating towards her crotch.

“The correct answer was Led Zeppelin. Alex that is right again, Olivia im afraid that is wrong, which means more water for you.”

Unsurprisingly Alex had gotten the music question right, a few more of those and she could defiantly win. To the side of her Olivia crossed her legs tighter, rhythmically tensing her thigh muscles under her dress as her bladder complained when yet more water was forced into it. Despite the pressure and extreme discomfort, something strange was happening, she was actually starting to enjoy the feeling. There was almost something erotic or alluring about the battle currently going on deep inside her body, her willpower against her body’s physical limits. Assuming it had any.

The host continued, there was barely any pause between the pump finishing and the next question. “Which bone are babies born without?”

What sort of question is that, the women clutched their bloated bladders and racked their brains for an answer. 30 seconds later as the bell rung Alex’s board was still blank, she couldn’t think of anything but the ocean of water inside her. The need to pee was now so fierce it dominated Olivia’s thoughts as well, but still she manged an answer.

“Im afraid you are incorrect Olivia and the blank board for Alex means you are both wrong again, which makes it four in a row now Olivia, are you sure you are up to this or is the need to pee finally overcoming you?” the host asked.

Olivia was taken aback by this, the host had never talked about their needs before why had her demeanour changed now? Then it hit her, the show was going for bust and trying to end it quickly by making one of them wet themselves. It was psychological warfare to save them money. Her and Alex weren’t supposed to make it to 10 points, but Olivia was dammed if it was going to be her making a mess on the floor. She steeled herself, straightening her posture for the first time in what felt like hours. The effort and sheer weight of her overfull bladder threatened to burst through her taught skin and dress. She winced as the action caused a spasm, the first painful reminder of her precarious situation as sweat started to gather on her brow. The effort of keeping up this charade would be high, but she couldn’t show weakness or back down now.

“Im ok thank you, just a couple of tough questions”

“Well if you are sure, the next question for you both. Which of the Williams sisters has won more Grand Slam titles?”…

“That’s correct from both of you, maybe there was some truth in what Olivia said last round.” They took a moment to look at each other’s boards and sure enough, the name Serena was scrawled across them both, barely legible due to their shaking bodies. Droplets of sweat and finger prints also dappled the blue boards as it fell from their strained faces. It was easy to see for all watching, these two women really were putting their bodies through the ringer. An audible sigh escaped their lips, they were ok for another round and had escaped increasing their bodily torment for a little bit longer. More money and no water.

“What animals are pearls found in?”

30 more seconds passed, Alex with her legs tightly crossed and shaking slightly. Olivia was still keeping up her show of force, trying to stand as straight as possible but it was becoming increasingly difficult.

“Alex, you have written Clam while Olivia has said oysters, and I can confirm that oysters is the right answer. So it is Olivia that is correct and perhaps a comeback truly is on?” The pump activated within Alex and she felt as if her tightly crossed legs were being physically moved by her ever expanding bladder. A tear formed in the corner of her eye as she like Olivia felt the first ripple of pain since this final round began, her bladder gently pulsed inside her. As the pump stopped and the pulses slowed Alex clenched her hand around the marker pen, she raised her hand ready write her next answer. How much more of this could her body take she wondered.

“Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize in 1903?”

Olivia was on a roll, well if two in a row could be considered a roll. Despite having readied the pen, yet again Alex failed to write anything. As the host announced the correct answer, Olivia watched her opponent. She looked ready to burst at any moment, legs quivering in effort and ludicrously bulging bladder sticking out of her slim figure. Looking down at her own bulging abdomen, Olivia had to admit that she wasn’t doing to much better on that aspect. She cupped her distended bladder, the pressure seemingly making it worse and better at the same time, with some of the weight taken away from her almost numb muscles.

Alex’s mind had frozen as if it was a video constantly buffering from a slow connection. The neurons in charge of rational thought had apparently abandoned her, or more accurately been redirected by her brain to where they needed. The Water rushed in again and this time she failed to stop herself making noise. Alex grunted in discomfort as yet again her abused bladder was filled beyond capacity. Hands buried in her crotch, hoping for the ordeal to be over soon, she wasn’t sure how much more of this she was going to be able to take. The new colder liquid entering her as she grunted, but soon it stopped and the discomfort returned to the constant ache that had been present for as long as she could remember.

“What year was the very first model of the iPhone released?”

Alex managed to answer that one, it was almost multiple choice and it had happened in her lifetime so it was worth a shot. As soon as she had scrawled a date on her board her hands returned to shore up her aching muscles. She was worried that soon they wouldn’t be able to do this without the extra help.

“Alex, let see what you have gone for… 2005, and your answer Olivia is… 2009. I can reveal the correct answer was in fact 2007.”

Alex was in some serious distress now, she thought she could hear her skin creaking under the weight of all her pee. Like a ship being battered in a tropical storm, it was threatening to submerge her at any point as the pump activated yet again. Despite this, unlike last time there was no pain, though her bladder still pulsed and she felt it tremble within her. Alex wondered if she had transcended the nerves in her bladder area. Had she broken through a wall of pain with her willpower, or was it just the adrenaline of this moment? She shifted where she stood and with great effort uncrossed and re-crossed her legs, trying to find something more comfortable.

She gasped loudly, the momentary uncrossing almost disastrous for her as her pee rushed towards her urethra. Quickly re-crossing her legs as tightly as possible and with the aid of a hand or two she stopped it. But she couldn’t deny that had been close, the need only amplified by how little had stopped it this time. Reminiscent to Claudia just before her bladder exploded on the stage, Alex had started to bounce on the spot. Moving her legs had almost cost her everything, but for some reason bobbing her torso up and down was helping her.

She couldn’t help but think of what she must look like, picturing herself as a small child desperate to pee but told to wait by a strict parent. This was really getting bad, she knew she was just minutes from making a rather large mess on the stage just as the other 4 women had done before her. Meanwhile Olivia was standing watching, the extra water inside her also making her wince in effort, forcing her to bow slightly as she still tried to keep her posture upright.

“As it stands we are all even, it seems like the contest is back on despite Alex’s early lead. So, for both of you, What planet in our solar system has the highest gravity?

Another 30 seconds of panting, straining and constant bobbing from Alex came and went. Thankfully for her, she knew the answer, Jupiter and even better when the boards were revealed, Olivia had incorrectly written Mars. She was back in the lead. A small moment of jubilation between the constant battering of her bladder.

It was Olivia’s bladder that was being filled again now though, the water increasing the substantial pressure within her as she forced herself to stand upright. Her abdomen constricted defensively against her posture pulling It taught for the sake of her pride, her muscles weakened. It was just momentarily, but it was enough to let the smallest of leaks escape her iron bladder. A hiss escaped Olivia’s mouth as the pee left her, just enough to dampen her underwear but it showed her how close she was to a disaster. The warm patch between her legs a symbol of her bladders extreme fullness and despite her nest intentions she had to give up her charade. Finally letting her bladder fall into a more relaxed position with her back stooped. She was in it for the long game she told herself, you can hold more so don’t do anything stupid.

What is the national dish of Spain?

The clock started and both women quickly wrote their answers, within 10 seconds both had an answer and had now gone back to holding themselves. The constant ticking sound effect mocking them as each desperate second passed. Finally it was over, as soon as they revealed their boards Alex realised her mistake. Olivia had written Spain, an answer Alex was already sure was right even before the host had confirmed it. She had gone with Morocco, which while close geographically was still wrong. It was all square again and Alex was starting to worry this was going to go the full distance, could she last 20 questions?. She had almost lost it all twice, her mind flooding back to being on all fours just minutes earlier as more than a litre was pumped into her in one go. While it was just 200ml at a time now, she had almost exploded at that moment and now she was holding even more and being forced to accept more than she wanted or thought possible. How long could she last?

Both Women had started this round with a new wave of optimism, but they were suffering for it. Alex and Olivia now stood hunched over, unable to even stand up straight due to the bowling ball sized bladders in their abdomen. Even Olivia who had forced herself to stand up earlier had given up on that, the discomfort too much. With the amount of water contained within them, both women looked pregnant. Despite her earlier button popping, Alex’s trousers were now starting to feel tight again. She was amazed, they were literally undone, as loose as can be and yet her bladder was actively pressing against them.

Olivia was also in awe of her own bladder, gently cradling it and ever so slightly applying pressure. She could feel it deep inside of her, an all-encompassing need to pee that was overpowering every other feeling and yet she was still able to put it off, with just the power of her mind. It was addicting, testing herself, she applied yet more pressure with a gentle move of her thumb. Then she felt it, the slightest of warm sensations running down the inside of her leg. Still she pushed unable to stop herself, she was enjoying the feeling too much. Finally she stopped pressing as the single droplet ran down past her knee, hidden by her long dress. Looking around to see if no one noticed, it appeared that she had gotten away with it.

The struggle between the contestants and their bladders continued for a couple more minutes, the two women seemed evenly matched in bladder capacity and intellect. Although Olivia’s small accident and a couple of hard questions meant that it was Alex that had taken the lead again. Taking a moment to steel herself, Alex was glad to give her aching bladder some time off. Although she had to admit, it was impressive how well her competitor was holding up. In some ways it also helped her to know it was at least humanly possible to hold so much. Something she was doubting more and more as time went on.

The questions continued and unfortunately for Alex, she couldn’t keep her run of correct answers going. She groaned as the pump activated, sending an involuntary shiver down her spine. Her Hands flew between her jigging legs to help with the increased pressure. The painful throbbing of the previous round returned as the pump activated, was it worse this time or had she somehow forgotten the feeling in the last couple of minutes. Maybe her bulging bladder was finally reaching its breaking point. A thought Alex had been having throughout the contest and yet each time, it proved to her it could hold more. Her eyes watered as the pressure started to get the best of her again.

“Well it looks like we really are in for a competition. At the halfway mark we now stand at 5 – 5, its still anybody’s game. But like always, with head to heads this game could end at any point so stay tuned. You will both also be interested to know you have just passed the £18,000 mark.”

Ordinarily, they would have been interested in the total but the promise of more money was slowly losing its impact, as the explosive need to pee, tiring muscles and mental strain took its toll on the two desperate contestants writhing on the stage. Alex was really worrying now, she had let a 2 point lead slip and that wasn’t the only thing that was slipping. Her bladder throbbed again despite the pump not being active, forcing the smallest of leaks to make its way out past her clenched muscles and vice like grip.

A tear accompanied it, rolling down her flushed and sweating face. The deep throbbing was now radiating through her entire body, feeling as if she was completely made of water. Luckily her leak was minor and didn’t show at all on her clothing. The real damage was on her mentality which was starting to slip into despair. Part of her just wanted to give in, let it all out in a tremendous gush. She was in so much discomfort now that her mind was playing the same tricks that Scarlet's had tried. But instead Alex’s answer was yes, it was worth it. With a desperate strength she bore down on her clenched muscles even harder, the aching body parts somehow responding to her ridiculous request to hold yet more liquid inside her.

“The next question is, when using a web browser what does HTTP stand for?”

What….??

How were they supposed to know that?

The two contestants stood there in almost silence, the only noises in the room created by the rustling of their clothes as they desperately danced to keep themselves contained. Olivia was breathing deeply and evenly, but she too was having a hard time of it. 30 seconds seemed to last an eternity to both women, and yet neither managed to write anything. Their boards remained blank, they instead they used this time to try and support their bulging bladders in any way possible.

“I’m afraid with no answers given you both forfeit this round. The correct answer was HyperText Transfer Protocol. Looks like you are both going to be getting a bit fuller after that round.”

Almost before she had finished speaking the water started rushing into them both. A strange squeaking noise escaped Alex as she pivoted on the spot, trying to cross her clenched thighs even tighter. Her bladder throbbed incessantly, sharp stabbing pains now accompanied its attempted voiding as more tears started to steam down her face. She was at her wits end, cradling her heavily pregnant looking stomach with both hands, no one could deny that she was pushing her body well beyond the normal capabilities it should have had.

Her opponents pump activated at the same time and despite her stoic appearance, Olivia’s clothing now posed a problem as her massive bladder pressed heavily into the fabric causing extra discomfort for her. She had defiantly had the advantage earlier as her dress could move freely, but it was now being pushed to its tensile limit, so much so that it had become tight against her body. Despite this, Olivia was still looking by far the calmer of the remaining contestants, gently rubbing her massive bladder.

“In Which city of India would you find the Taj Mahal in?

"The answer is Agra, it looks like Olivia you win the point this round as im afraid you are wrong Alex, it is not Mumbai."

Olivia had taken the lead for the first time, after a slow start she was making up for it. Her mind was more focused now, she wanted to win and was also enjoying the sensations from her throbbing bladder too much to stop now. Her bladder seemed to stretch to accommodate any new fluid that was added to it, much to her and everyone else’s amazement. Although the enjoyment she was getting from her bloated organ meant that the voice in her head starting to overpower all rational thought. It wanted more!

It got its wish with the next question, it turned out that neither her nor Alex were experts on insect anatomy. A pair or wrong answers meant their pumps were activated in tandem, a cold new load of 250ml flowing into them.

Alex was almost sobbing, clenching herself with both hands again as she seemed to be trying to press hard enough to lift herself off the floor. Her eyes scrunched shut she was surviving by the smallest of margins, with the largest of floods held at bay by a tiring layer of constantly quivering muscles. As the water flowed in Olivia looked upwards, a complete opposite to everyone else. She was focusing on the amazing feelings going on inside her, the swirling mass of water in combination with rhythmically tensing muscles was doing nothing for her concentration. She was sure Kegels weren’t meant to be done when this full of water, but it just felt so good. Gently she went back to applying a little more pressure, testing her limits again and amplifying the feelings.

Both hands cupping her bladder, she gently moved her thumb directly onto her bladder and pressed. Lost in her own world it was only when yet another warm sensation ran down her shapely legs that she stopped. Unlike last time, it didn’t stop immediately, was she losing control? Quickly glancing down she still couldn’t see any damage on her clothes, but as she watched a rivulet rand down her calf and onto the floor. There was now a small collection of wet droplets on her podium, some sweat caused by the sudden intake earlier and some were also now pee. Pressing a hand under her skirt for the first time she was shocked to feel just how wet her underwear was, it was probably a good thing she hadn’t worn anything less absorbent. Her hand wavered, applying pressure directly for the first time, she could feel her muscles tensing and twitching under her skin.

Alex wasn’t doing any better, her hands pressed against her bladder with all her might. she couldn’t concentrate on anything but the constant pressure of litres of pee contained within her bulging bladder. The next three minutes were a bit of a blur, her concentration had left her and as much as she tried to focus on the questions she just couldn’t. This was it for her, she was just putting off the inevitable. Olivia had now taken a three point lead and was just one away from winning and getting some much needed respite for her bladder.

It seemed unfair to Alex that she would be struggling to answer questions and yet the people behind the curtains kept pumping her fuller and fuller, closer and closer to their wanted explosive endgame. She couldn’t think and adding more water only made things worse, it was a never ending cycle of concentrating on her bladder at expense of the questions. They had added another 600ml into her aching bladder that had now stretched itself even further. She looked five months pregnant, her pants now starting to strain against her bladder again. It was ridiculous, how had she gotten herself into this mess.

Alex wanted to give up, she knew she couldn’t win and yet she couldn’t bring herself to quit. Luckily Olivia was only one question away from winning, at the very least if Olivia won she might keep her dignity in tact by not wetting herself on live television. It was a small token victory but it was something to cling too. If she could manage that, she could at least know she was beaten by intellect and that was nothing to be ashamed of, her body would have shown its true strength. Although at this point, the breakneck effort she had put in during the last three minutes meant that she couldn’t feel anything from the waist down. Her nerves apparently either too tired or beyond broken to send signals to her brain. Luckily she was still fully in control of everything, but her bobbing had stopped and she dared not uncross her legs after what almost happened earlier when she was considerably less full.

"With that correct answer, Olivia after your shaky start you are now just one question away from winning and taking it all home with you. Looking at your competitor, ill get to it quickly as im not sure we have much time left."

Olivia was also looking at Alex, she wasn’t a threat any more, Olivia knew she had won. These last few rounds had been easy and she knew she could keep holding. At the same time, she also knew that she needed Alex to keep playing, more time meant more questions and that meant more money or water. Both of which made Olivia happy, a direct opposite to her competitor who seemed as miserable as possible. Alex was moaning in effort, sweat covering her face causing her dark hair to stick to it as she huffed and puffed, clutching at herself with all her might. In some ways Olivia was impressed with Alex’s fortitude, to get this far and contain so much was impressive.

But she needed her to contain more, despite Alex’s body being pushed to the absolute limit Olivia wanted to push in yet more water. She was now in control and it was intoxicating, just like with poor scarlet and Amanda earlier, she was going to play a game with the suffering Alex. She needed a plan though, it was difficult to figure out how to play it with her and stop her giving up. Alex had started badly right from the get go and her confidence fell, building back up through each round but only to drop quickly when the two of them were filled like balloons before the head to head. She did then regain some composure when the host announced the total, a reminder of what was to play for, maybe that would work this time too?

“What is the total currently?”

The host was taken a bit by surprise, such a normal question. At this point most women were in the state Alex found herself, never had anyone containing even close to what Olivia was holding been so calm. There was the occasional expert holder, but these tended to be in dire straits by this point, their exceptionally large bladders helping them make up for their lack of smarts, but here stood in front of her was a woman with both.

“Well….Um, The total is currently standing at just over £18,500 which is again one of the highest all time scores.”

Alex was brought somewhat out of her desperate reverie as the total was read out. But even with that much on the line, it didn’t change anything for her, she was holding on by a thread. But one more question and it would all be over and if she could move without exploding on the spot, she could try and make it to a toilet. That was her only goal now.

Olivia was pleased to see Alex open her eyes when the host answered her, it had clearly registered in her brain and now she just needed Alex to do her part.

With one correct answer away from the win, Olivia lets see if we can make you happy and let you go home with the cash right now. Something Olivia knew wasn’t what would truly make her happy.

“Which animal symbolises good luck in Europe?”

…

"Im afraid Olivia you haven’t won it this round, Swift is not the right answer. But somehow, despite your condition that is correct Alex, the answer is Ladybug."

Wait what, Alex blinked in disbelief? She couldn’t even remember writing anything down from the haze she was in. She had resigned herself to losing, but apparently her body had acted as if on auto pilot. Perhaps now with so much effort placed on not drenching her clothes where she stood, her brain had answered it for her. Looking at her board still confused, she had indeed written ladybug. Looking down at her ankle, a small ladybug peered out from her sock, she did know the answer as it turned out. Its why she had gotten that tattoo before her final exam season at university.

Alex winced as another painful spasm hit her bladder, the momentary distraction almost costing her. She felt as if someone was pressing a sharp boulder into her stomach at all times now, pain raiding out of her as another tear rolled down her face. Her back had started to ache now as well, due to the sheer weight of her bladder and her constantly hunched pose. She was certain that there was going to be a large sweat patch on her top to go with it, the effort of holding back her bladder was destroying her body physically. But this small rest bite from a right answer had helped her mental game, maybe she could last just long enough to make it to a toilet.

Olivia smiled, her plan was working as another £200 was added. A smile that somewhat subsided as the water was pumped into her. It had been more than 3 minutes since the last time her bladder was filled from the small catheter device inside her now copiously filled bladder. A bladder which had been calm in that time, while a constant pressure and throbbing still occurred the sense of impending disaster had abated. She again found herself pressurising it while watching Alex get pumped full as if trying to feel what was going on her opponent’s bladder.

Despite that, the discomfort and pain could not truly replicate the feeling of an overburdened bladder being forced to hold more. An unexpected spasm flew through her body, her hands shooting to her crotch but couldn’t stop another dribble escaping her. She didn’t feel the release again, it seemed that her muscles weren't loosening and yet liquid was still breaking its way through with brute force. The wetness spread down her thigh, running down her slender legs to join the droplets already on the podium. It wasn’t much but the shock of it made her gasp and press harder between her legs.

The gasp took Alex by surprise, she watched Olivia screw up her face in discomfort and then she could have sworn she saw a drop of liquid run down Olivia’s ankle and onto the podium, could it be Olivia was about to burst. 20 seconds later she was back to looking somewhat composed, still hunched and hands pressed deep in her crotch, maybe she had imagined it. But as Olivia removed her hands Alex saw it, her dress was wet. It wasn’t much but it was a clear sign that she had leaked. Olivia was putting on a brave face but she must be seconds from a disaster too.

Alex quickly reminded herself that she was just in it not to wet herself, but if that meant getting some questions right then maybe she could do that too? At the end of the day, a right answer meant no more water for her, so on the off chance that Olivia would make another mistake, she needed to safeguard herself against any more liquid. Alex’s bladder now felt like it was being held on a knife edge, any twitch, slip of concentration or even breath of wind would spell disaster for it. It was going to be close but as she looked at her opponent, red faced and physically holding her massive bladder, Alex knew it might be the only way to avoid disgracing herself.

The host cleared her throat “next question, What is the scientific name given to the grey wolf?

Olivia was watching Alex now, she seemed confident. Her plan had worked, or so she thought. Unaware that it was her selection of small accidents that had lead to the new confidence in her opponent. Even so she could still see Alex grimacing, squeezing air out from between her clenched teeth. Halfway through writing she had even put the pen down as a particularly strong spasm hit her that required both hands to keep herself dry. Despite this she got the answer correct, it was Canis lupus, she was going to avoid being filled for at least one more question. Olivia hadn’t written an answer so to Alex’s surprise and delight she would be receiving the extra fluids. Even if she didn’t win on points, any and all extra liquid she could get into Olivia would surely only speed up her accident if she was going to have on and free Alex from her self-inflicted torment. Although, would this hamper her ability to answer questions and extend both of their pain and suffering?

"Which element often found in dairy is said to keep bones strong?"

Obviously it was calcium, Alex wrote it down as quickly as possible and assumed her desperate stance. Yet when the boards were flipped Olivia’s was empty, how could she not have known that it’s a basic question most kids learn in school. Was she really that desperate, she didn’t look like it to Alex.

Olivia’s plan was working, that was 3 questions in a row for Alex meaning another £600 and Millilitres. The throbbing had increased substantially in her abdomen, with each second her muscles seemed to expand and contract in an effort to expel the mass of liquid she was so keen and determined to contain. The added pressure was almost too much for her, the ever expanding bladder now tightly pressing against her dress, she could swear it was making it possible to see through it. Physically separating the threads more and more with each passing moment, threatening to rip up along the leg slit and free her bladder. As the pump finally stopped filling her for the third time in as many minutes, both her and her dress were still in one piece.

Alex was amazed as yet again Olivia’s board remained blank for the next question too. What was happening, why was she letting her win? She had gotten it correct so she was spared yet again and as she looked up she was amazed to see that they were now tied, 9 – 9 . How had this happened she thought to herself, it was almost over and she was still dry. Not only that she had a chance of winning, although that thought alone was almost too much for her tired body. She was exhausted, being so close and yet so far from salvation was pure agony. Even without the extra water of the last few questions, she could feel her body faltering. Just one more question, that’s all it would take for one of them to win.

"This is it ladies and gentlemen, one more right answer and one of these women will go home with the glory and the now substantial cash prize. When we started this round I wouldn’t have thought that we would have gotten this far. But through an impressive show of will power, you have both made it so congratulations."

Neither contestant was interested in pleasantries, Alex was desperate for this to be over, while Olivia wasn’t planning on this being the last question if she could help it. She had given Alex the last few, maximising the cash and letting her truly test her capacity. The intoxicating addiction of testing her mental and physical limits had well and truly taken over.

So, for possibly the final question. What is the largest organ in the human body?

Looking at either of the struggling women you might have guessed that it was their bladders. Extended well beyond what anyone in the audience had seen before, the spectacle unfolding in front of them keeping their rapt attention. Who would win, who would wet themselves first? It was anyone’s guess. Every movement from them accompanied by heavy breaths and deliberate short actions to cause as least amount of stress to their bladders as possible.

Thirty seconds later the host invited them to flip over their boards….

"Well, I can tell you that as of right now, Alex you have the correct answer." Her heart leapt, she had won!……"and so does Olivia….it looks like the games will continue. The correct answer that you both wrote was Skin."

How could they do that, Alex thought she was finally free. She was almost able to pee, the relief she had felt with those words being said quickly evaporating as tears streamed down her face one again, her bladder protested loudly for her. The pain forcing her to stoop lower, almost into a bow her legs forced apart by the massive bulge in her abdomen. Groaning in pain people looked on waiting for inevitable torrent, many taking her new stance as Alex finally giving up.

The pain and throbbing from inside her was worse than ever, as if the tease was the final straw. She was breathing deeply, sweat glistening off her as she started to vibrate from the waist down, knocking her knees together at lighting speed, she couldn’t stand still again. Her brain had given up, she knew she wasn’t truly holding any more, she was just waiting. Like the moment when you reach your home desperate for a pee, a need amplified the moment the door opens and the bathroom comes into sight. This was her end, she new it was a matter of minutes if not seconds.

"Once again, just one point in it. .the next question is; Which country produces the most coffee in the world?"

Olivia knew it, Brazil it had to be. She quickly wrote the answer down, she was sure Alex would know it since she was a waitress. It’s the sort of thing that they have written on the walls of café’s or coffee shops. Another £500 would be perfect but part of her wondered how long the two of them could keep at it. Alex wasn’t looking good, so she had better make the most of it while she could. Just as the timer ended and Alex moved her board ready to flip it, Olivia saw her opponents answer, she had put Colombia!

Alex was pretty sure of herself on this one, every time she ordered a coffee it seemed to say it was a Colombian blend. The timer ended just as a throb of her bladder almost made her drop her board. Glancing at her opponent, she seemed confident, writing something with purpose on her board.

"Time is up, your answers are Alex with Colombia and Olivia….doesnt seem to have an answer."

Wait what? Alex was sure she had written something. Looking at her competitors board she could clearly make out some letters that looked hurriedly smudged out. Was that a B? It looked like Olivia had written Brazil but wiped it away, why would she do that, surely even if you are not sure you would leave it?

Her mind raced with questions.

For the first time she was angry, Olivia had a way to end their pain and torment, the frustration over coming her.

What are you doing? why didn’t you win? She was staring intently at Olivia.

This was the first time that the contestants had spoken to each other, it felt reminiscent of the scene in the artist where the sound starts playing. It was completely unexpected, but a true demonstration of how uncomfortable Alex was. Olivia too was uncomfortable and shocked at the outburst. She had been playing the long game for a while now, apparently Alex had finally noticed that she was filling them both up intentionally.

"I don’t know what you mean, im just glad you got that wrong."

She was looking at the desperate woman in front of her, constantly shifting where she stood.

"But.... the longer we hold out and the most questions we answer, the more money we can win."

So that was her game, how could she be thinking of money at a time like this? Alex let out an almost growl as her muscles trembled under the new weight as her pump suddenly activated. She had almost forgotten about that part in her anger. Why would Olivia put herself through this misery, she was clearly close to losing it all judging by the wet spot on her dress and yet she continued to toy with the fill to the brim bladders. The anger instantly dissipated as the two women and their bloated bladders fought one another again.

Each new 200ml was becoming excruciating for them, their skin pulled tight, sweat dripping off them as they struggled to contain their mammoth loads of pee. It was beyond a simple bulge now, both women looked pregnant with defined lumps sticking out of them that even at this stage were still growing as their skin turned white as it stretched. The groaning continued for what felt like hours to the two remaining contestants, each second stretchered out and in slow motion. Spasms and twiches wracking their bodies, the effort causing them to both make strange noises as they continued to be filled beyond any normal limits.

Finally the pumps deactivated, but there was no time for more arguments as the host moved onto the next question.

"In our solar system, which is the hottest planet?"

With trembling hands, the two women wrote their answers. Alex taking careful note of the fact Olivia was defiantly writing, something. What ever game she was playing was not going to work this time, this had to be the last question. She just couldn't hold it any more and one way or the other someone would win and she just couldn't deal with the idea of more water or questions. Alex was well and truly finished.

"The time is up, lets see what you have ladies"

Alex with one hand shoved into her her crotch slowly turned her board over. Shifting her gaze, to her dismay Olivia's board showed a similar smudge to last round. Had she erased the answer to the question that could have ended their suffering. She had written Mercury, its the closest planet to the sun so surely its the hottest. She should have been jubilent with no answer from Olivia, but a look in her opponents eyes and the hastily erased answer made her heart drop. Was she wrong? As the host watched Alex turn her board, secretly Olivia had read it and then smudged her answer on purpose, she was fairly sure Alex wasn't right. A fact that was confirmed as the host announced that yet again, neither of them had the right answer. The answer was Venus, exactly what Olivia had written and then erased to keep this game going.

Alex's desperation at the situation overcame her again, it was even clearer this time that Olivia had removed the right answer. Why was she doing this.

"You're doing this on purpose, you could end this. Please.....I dont care if you win, I just want it to be over."

Olivia was shocked, Alex was pleading with her to just win? Why would you hold on to this extent and not be trying to win. If she felt anything like her Olivia would have given up questions ago if it were not for the money and enjoyment she was getting. Part of her pity'd her, looking at her in this state of a writhing, sweating mess that was once a well presented and attractive young woman. She had truly taken her body to the physical edge, but at the same time Olivia wasn't done playing.

"Look, If you want to end this contest, your going to have to beat me properly or pee right here. Im in this for the full ride, whether you piss yourself like the others or keep challenging me for as long as it takes, the only way to win is to get a question right that I get wrong."

Alex was beside herself, what was Olivia talking about. She was risking her chance to win for what, maybe more money? Surely there had to be more to it than that.

Both women groaned as the pumps activated and yet more water was forced into their bladders. For Alex the groan became a scream as lightning flashed across her abdomen. Her bladder was well and truly past its limit, her skin creaking to contain the enormous organ sticking inches out of her pale skin. Once again the waistband of her pants was digging into her, compressing her rock hard bladder and causing a level of discomfort that was overwhelming Alex as the pump forced more and more water in. She could feel it, the absolute limit of her bladder and she was at it. She was so full of water and her body had finally had enough, she had lasted minutes longer than she had thought she would. Alex could feel her muscles weakening and she knew this time it wasn’t going to be a small leak but the catastrophic ending of all her hard work.

At long last the walls containing her bursting bladder faltered, the liquid rushed forwards trying to force its way past the weakening flood gates. She whimpered as the first drop of warmth left her and entered her already damps pants.

"Please... no..., not like this."

A loud hissing noise filled the room for the 5th time that night, they had their winner!

Alex threw her hands between her legs and pressed with all her might, as if trying to make a diamond with the pressure she was applying. But then she was surprised when they remained dry, expecting them to be overcome by a torrent of liquid that had somehow stopped? Looking up she realised the splattering noise was coming out of Olivia, who was now forcefully emptying her gargantuan bladder onto the floor with a shocked look on her face.

She hadn’t felt her loss of control while watching Alex eagerly hoping that she too wasn’t about to wet herself so the game could continue. Only to find that it was in fact her that she should have been worried about. Without warning the vast quantities of pee that she had been so competently containing came rushing out of her. The warmth gushing down her slim legs, wetting her dress as a massive wet spot formed and quickly spread across it. Her whole body was numb as litres of urine came shooting out of her, her giant bladder slowly deflating as it emptied itself without her control. It felt like nothing she had ever experienced, the vibrating muscles finally still and it felt as if they had been storing energy that was now exploding within her groin. The thunderous downpour of water quickly covering the floor and leaving her soaking and confused as to what was happening to her body.

Alex had somehow done the impossible and stopped her muscles giving up entirely, a spray of pee had made its way past her defences and made a considerable wet spot on her pants, but that was nothing compared to the amount of liquid coming out of Olivia. The sound and sight was too much for Alex as she whimpered to herself as new, stronger spasms fought to continue what she had so cruelly stopped moments earlier. Her body needed relief.

"Please… she turned to the host have I won,... is that it?" She pleaded.

"Yes, it appears we have our winner, Alex. Congratulations."

That was all it took, for the first time in around an hour Alex stopped fighting her body and let it win, with a final groan that was barely audible over Olivia's thundering accident. Alex’s body lurched as it broke through her flood defences, the walls abandoned and letting the gallons of pee exit her tired and aching body.

Piss exploded out of her, drenching her pants and spraying all over the ground in seconds. A deafening hiss and roar of water through fabric accompanied the start of her massive accident. It had only been seconds but her puddle was already massive, flooding over the podium and onto the floor below, the pressure in her abdomen abating slightly as the river of pee came crashing out of her. It was like a miniature waterfall as copious amounts of pee fell between her legs and drenched the floor, pooling around her shoes.

She was panting and still sweating, the relief was too much for her, the pleasure too great. Her thighs started to contract rhythmically as the pleasure overcame her, stopping and starting the flow of pee as she moaned in delight. Her pee seemed endless as one minute became two and two became three. The torrent of liquid sputtering out of her pants at some speed and massive volume. Her light Khaki pants had become completely drenched within seconds but now as the wetness crept its way up and down her pants, there was not a dry inch of fabric anywhere. Her explosive pee, darkening the fabric as it became drenched in Alex’s long held waters.

Still her pee went on as her abused bladder finally started to shrink back to normal levels. Without the massive bulge to hold them up, her wet trousers whose waistband had been completely destroyed by the amount of water inside her fell to the ground. Revealing a pair of once light green underwear, now totally waterlogged and dark green. Her thighs and legs glistened as more pee still escaped her body, the warm liquid dancing its way down her now exposed supple skin and into the giant puddle that was covering the floor.

Like Claudia's earlier, the water was now overflowing her podium, stretching for meters and meters in all directions. Her accident dwarfed the other competitors by some margins, more than twice as large as many of them. As her pee entered its 4th minute it finally slowed to a trickle and stopped. Alex coming down from her blissful high, sighed in relief as her body was finally empty. Her bladder still ached, but for the first time all night she felt relaxed and could now think easily.

She was surprised to see Olivia still peeing strong, one hand now under her dress which had seemingly absorbed a large amount of her accident. The once light and flowing fabric, dark and heavy with a waterline halfway up her chest as the water climbed its way from her crotch. Olivia had her eyes closed, her pee flowing freely out of her from under the dress and joining Alex's puddle on the floor. She was amazed, there had to be at least 10 litres of it between them, if not more.

Then it hit her, Alex had won!

She smiled for the first time in what felt like hours, it was close but she had bested her bladder and those of the other 5 women.

Cash final prize £21,180

Alex: 5,754 ml - Winner

Olivia: 5,720 ml – Runner up

Claudia: 2,995 ml - 3rd place

Amanda: 2,106 ml - 4th place

Scarlet: 2,196 ml – 5th place

Katy: 2,069 ml – 6th place

Epilogue

The record breaking round quickly became a big hit, bringing in new audiences as the women’s strength amazed everyone. However, its true infamy came a few days after the round when it emerged that there had been a fault with the relaxant dispenser. An electrical issue meant It hadn’t worked as intended, with some rounds receiving none and other double the amounts. According to the official press release from the show runners, this would have exposed contestants to “inaccurate” and unequal amounts of the substance. While the exact rounds were never identified, Amanda was sure she knew of at least 2, while Olivia was starting to wonder if she gotten lucky or unlucky? Is that why she started to loose feeling in her muscles that ultimately lost her the game?

The PR disaster that followed meant that the tv show had to make a public apology, Alex was allowed to keep her earning and a small amount of compensation was given to each of the other contestants. However, with such high ratings and good competitors the show runners also arranged for a rematch, with a starting cash pot of the final amount Alex won it would surely bring out the competitive side of all the women again. The date was set, 6 weeks after the first contest, the women would meet on the stage once more.

To be continued??

###

I just want to say a big thanks to everyone who read this and the positive feedback, especially from Dtravis and Melificentfan. Since this was my first fiction it really meant a lot and helped keep me motivated to write this. So I hope you all enjoyed the story and that the ending was everything you wanted.

As the epilogue suggests and If people are still interested, there is always the possibility for this to be continued. I’ve got a couple of ideas in bullet points saved somewhere but if any of you want to see this continue or have any ideas of your own I’d love to hear them!

*025*2020-01-14 07:06

Thanks for all the comments again. Looks like I will defiantly be continuing this!

The next chapter might not be out for a little while though, as I write some of it down and get the ideas flowing.

Currently im thinking of doing a chapter for each contestant and what they do in the 4 - 6 weeks before the rematch to prepare. It gives me a chance to try my hand at writing a bit more personally for the character and hopefully develop them a bit more so they are not as two dimensional. Something I dont think i've managed too much of so far and would really help if this turned into an ongoing series.

{{7 hours ago, ola93 said:

Also, maybe the (studio) audience could be involved in the show. E.g. the same amount of water distributed over the contestants could be distributed over the (,obviously much larger) audience.

}}

I love this idea, im not 100% sure how to implement it yet though. Maybe I might do it as a section of the audience who also competing to win a different prize like on those chat shows where you win something just by turning up. But its given me something to think about and I would love to include something like this maybe a bit later. Great Idea!

*027*2020-01-18 14:22

Here is the first of 6 chapters, each one following the trials and tribulations of one contestant. Im going to go in reverse order to them being voted off, so starting with Katy and then going through to Alex as the final one.

These are all a little different from the main story but hopefully they help set the scene and make the characters a bit more three dimensional. Or at the very least contain some enjoyable desperation and wetting.

###

Chapter 8. Bathroom Jive (Katy)

6 week till the contest

It was the worst thing that could possibly happen, she felt humiliated. Not only did she loose, she came dead last.

Katy was supposed to be the bladder queen, not some little girl with a tiny bladder. Even as she left the stage the jokes and messages from people she knew came in. Her phone buzzing with screen shots of messages she had sent to her friends before her disgrace claiming she would be winning the show easy. She could hold any amount, and out hold anyone, especially a mother of two. Unfortunately for her Scarlet had put up much more of a fight that she had planned on, and after a couple of bad rounds she had exploded and pissed herself right there on the stage. A week had passed any yet the memory of it made her blush as the embarrassment welled up again. That’s when she saw it, the email announcing the rematch!

Now was her chance to show everyone that it must have been a freak accident, the machine must not have been working for her at all. But even with that optimistic thought going through her head, she vowed to train like never before and ensure her victory next time.

Looking up from her phone, she spotted her favourite coffee stand and having just finished a dancing session she had worked up a sweat. She could defiantly go for a drink and why waste time starting her training, with no plans for the rest of the day she could use it for this now. Strolling over to the stand she ordered two of the Grande MAX Americana's, adding an extra shot of coffee to each. She was feeling a little drained after the intense two hour workout she just had. As the barrister handed her both coffees she walked over to the nearby picnic bench, placing one of the extra large cups down.

She took the other and despite the hot temperature she started to down it, chugging it in one go. The fire in her eyes now matched by the fire in her mouth, drinking it so soon might have been a mistake. Quickly she took out her half empy water bottle and drank that down too, quenching her thirst and helping put out the fire she had started. Tossing the empty cup in the recycling she picked up her other coffee and started to walk towards the train station. She was already aware of the heavy weight now in her stomach which had bloated outwards quite dramatically. Luckily, her bright pink and form fitting athletic leggings stretched with it.

The walk to the station took around 15 minutes for her and by the time she had arrived the second cup was now empty. Despite the amount she had drunk, she still had no need to pee and strangely she was a little disappointed. Katy was sure it would start building soon, but maybe she should help it along a bit more. After all its not training if your not going hard, no pain no gain she reminded herself.

Swiping her ticket to get into the station Katy walked over to the refreshments stand to order a large lemonade and another bottle of water. She had thought about more coffee but her heart was already racing, more caffeine wouldn’t probably have been good for her body. As she handed over the money, the stall owner asked if she had a refillable bottle, possibly noticing her Gym attire. Taking it out of her bag she drained the rest and handed it to the woman behind the stall who quickly filled it up. Taking the bottle and her new lemonade she started sipping from the large cup and made her way to the platform. Sighing up at the sign, her train was delayed by 10 minutes, sometimes she hated public transport but it was still easier than finding parking in the city centre. With little to occupy her mind she began absently sipping her drink, finishing her third large drink quickly. The slurping noises coming from the bottom of the straw telling her that she had finished it too.

Stifling a burp she placed a hand on her bloated stomach, there was some discomfort now but she wasn’t sure if she needed to pee or if it was just because of how much she had drunk. It must have been almost 3 litres of liquid in half an hour, a realisation that made her worry. Her train journey was only 25 minutes and then a 10 minute walk back to her apartment. Considering she was only just starting to feel it, she was sure she could last that long. Rubbing her belly reassuringly she watched the train pull its way into the station, another burp making its way up her throat.

The first 10 minutes of her journey went without incident, the need to pee building all the time. Halfway through she had started tapping her foot, her need was building quickly now. What had been the slightest of urges 10 minutes ago was now a pressing need and it was only going to get worse. Katy’s still heavily bloated stomach a reminder of just how much was yet to come, but again she reminded herself that this was the point. By 20 minutes in and with just 5 to go she was really starting to worry, her need had come on like a freight train. Unsurprising considering she had drunk all that liquid in 30 minutes, if it had taken 30 minutes to start entering her bladder at the start of the train ride, she was only about half way through what she had put in.

Her legs began bouncing up and down, placing a hand on her thigh. She was concerned that her legs might be starting to attract attention, a couple of men had given her glances. Ordinarily she would have put that down to her looks, toned body and tight clothes, but right now they might have just been watching a beautiful women needing to pee. She gently placed a hand on her stomach, now less bloated but her bladder was taking over in that department. How she wished her pants had pockets in, then she could try to hold herself stealthfuly, but that wasn’t an option in these tight and pocket free leggings.

By her stop Katy was almost vibrating in her seat, the coffee and need to pee combining to create quite the spectacle for anyone watching her. Katy didn’t care, she needed to get home and get home quick. Holding her bladder in one hand she carefully stood and made her way to the door. A sudden shake of the carriage as it changed tracks before the platform almost causing her to fall. Grabbing the back of someone’s seat in one hand she steadied herself, but the sudden movement caused havoc in her bladder. Its contents sloshed inside her, a major peak in desperation hit her as she swivelled and crossed her legs tightly.

She hadn’t leaked but it was close. Quickly she stood and made her way off the train, now it was just a short walk to her place and walking was making it easier to hold. Striding off purposefully she was well aware she wasn’t out of the woods though, her need was still getting worse as her kidneys pumped more of her coffee into her bladder. The diuretic nature of it causing them to work overtime and pass as much liquid into them as quickly as possible. As she passed a dark alleyway part of her wanted to just squat in the middle of it, but yet again that thought passed through her mind, this was a test, a challenge to her bladder and she couldn’t fail now.

She quickened her pace, each step now jostling her overfilled bladder but taking her one step closer to her nice clean bathroom. By the time she arrived at her apartment complex she was in agony, her bladder begging for release with each movement causing it to pulse inside her. The vast amount of liquid filling her threatening to burst out of her at any moment, she had overdone it but at the same time she had almost made it. Just three flights of stairs stood between her and victory.

Wincing in pain at the first step, she placed one hand deep in her crotch and the other on the hand rail. Slowly but surely she climbed the stairs, one foot in front of the other it felt like she was taking on Everst. The exertion causing her to sweat more than her entire dance session, she was clenching everything. In three times the normal amount of time Katy made it to her apartment, still holing herself as she put her key into the door and made her way inside. She had done it, but then her mind went back to before the train. Technically, she still had a drink she had bought and hadn't drunk. If she really wanted to win, she had to really challenge herself and since she had paid for the refill with the lemonade it, only made sense to drink it before peeing. Rummaging through her bag she found it, the 1L bottle filled to the brim with water. It had seemed a good idea at the time, but now looking at the volume of water she was telling herself to drink was making her reconsider.

That was quitter talk though, and she wasn’t a quitter. One hand still holding her pee in she popped the sports lid and began chugging it down. The need to pee skyrocketed as her body protested and her brain screamed at her to stop. It knew it couldn’t hold anymore and was doing all it could to send signals to the rational parts of her thought process, but to no avail. Still she chugged, almost half the water was gone now, yet the need to pee was still getting worse. Her bloated bladder quivered, Katy was struggling now but she kept drinking.

She was almost done when a spasm shook her body, the clenched muscles keeping her pee in loosened for just a second as a spurt of hot pee shot out of her distended bladder. “Oh…Fu*k” She shouted out loud, dropping the bottle to hold herself, another spurt followed the first dampening her leggings and turning the light pink almost see through. “No….come on….” A third leak was the final signal she needed as Katy sprinted for the toilet, barging through the door leaking more as she ran. “ahhh……that feels good”, she had made it to the toilet.

Inspecting the damage, a large wet patch spread out from her crotch and down to one of her knees, she had clearly let out more than she felt. Despite the glorious sensation of relaxing her bladder, the fire behind her eyes was still lit. In her mind, she had failed. The bottle wasn’t completely empty and she had leaked. Throwing her clothes in the washing up basket she made her way to the kitchen. “So….3 litres and hold for an hour, that’s a starting point I guess." Grabbing a glass she quickly filled it, keen to repeat her training until she could hold it no problem. This was going to be a long 6 weeks for her bladder.

1 week till the contest

It had been 5 weeks since her near accident and start of her training. It was safe to say that it hadn’t been the only near accident over that period, but a number of near misses early on had only strengthened Katy’’s resolve. With the added training she had now improved her capacity significantly, a regime of long holds and cheat days of filling quickly and often had strengthened her bladder. Today was a Tuesday and that meant it was a cheat day, leading to lots of drinking and lots of peeing. She would obviously still hold until uncomfortable but it was no where near as intense as non cheat days.

One on of her regular days she had even managed to go a full 24 hours without peeing last week, although her fluid intake had been less that day. Somehow she had gone to bed bursting to pee, waking up the next morning with an unbearable need that meant she had only just got to the toilet in time, but she was proud of her achievement. Thinking back to the intense need Katy made her way to the kitchen, opening the fridge to reveal her 10 litres for today. Carefully marked on large litre bottles, the word Tuesday clearly written in red pen across the tops. She was nothing if not organised.

Taking the first two litres she started chugging one down, the cold water feeling heavy in the stomach. Quickly writing down the time as 8:07am she set an alarm for 9:00 and went about her day. After a morning of chores like taking the laundry to the washing room in her complex and cleaning the living room her alarm went off. Uncapping the next bottle she began drinking that too. Fifteen minutes later it was gone and she started to get ready for her run that she did each and every morning. Katy could feel a slight need to pee after her morning litre but it wasn’t that strong at the moment and she had gotten used to the feeling over the last few weeks. Setting another alarm for 10:00 she grabbed her running belt, shoes, water bottle and set off. Her run through the park usually took about an hour, but the alarm meant that she didn’t need to worry too much about timing it herself.

By the end of her run, the full two litres had made their way through her and each bouncing step caused her bladder to throb once again. But the feeling was a far cry from her first day, much easier to handle than that. She greeted the coffee stall at the edge of the park, buying her morning large coffee as the next step on her bladder journey. Thanking John the man behind the counter she had gotten to know after 6 weeks, like clockwork her order was almost always ready for her when she arrived.

Taking a sip she continued her run, although now with coffee in hand it was more like speed walking. 10 minutes later she was jogging up her apartment steps to her door, opening it and dropping her running gear on the floor she made her way back to the kitchen. It was almost 11 and time for the next 2 litres, despite not being a holding day she still liked to test herself by drinking the next set of liquid before peeing the first time. Standing with her legs pressed together, she started to down the bottles, glass after glass was pounded like shots at a bar. Filling the final glass, her phone started to buzz. Katy looked down and saw that it was her friend Dan, “Sh*t, that’s today” she said out loud answering it quickly.

“Katy where ar…..”

“Yeah, yeah, sorry my trains delayed Ill be there as soon as I can” She said grabbing her bag and heading towards the door

“Look ill be there in like 45 minutes”

“You better be, the contest starts in an hour”

“Ill be there” Katy said, locking the door and sprinting towards the station.

55 minutes later she ran through the doors of the dance studio, heart beating and head going a mile a minute. Today was the jive competition she and her dance partner Dan had signed up for a couple of months ago. She couldn't believe she had forgotten, they had been looking forward to this so much. She spotted Dan, dressed in his dance attire and tapping one foot on the floor looking impatient.

“There you are, you have like 2 minutes to get ready, if we aren’t on the floor when it starts we are disqualified”

“Look, im sorry the trains” she lied again between breaths.

“You need to get changed” Dan said pointing at her still wearing her jogging clothes. "The changing rooms are over there, you need to be quick."

“Ok, be right back”

Katy ran off through the door Dan had pointed at, putting her bag on the bench she quickly undressed. Only then did she notice the massive bulge coming out of her stomach “Sh*t” Katy swore again crossing her legs tightly. In the rush and panic of being late she had totally forgotten about her need which was back full force now. One leg crossed over the other and bobbing nakedly in the changing room she desperately looked around for a toilet. There were none, they must be in a separate room, maybe she could just pee down the shower drain. She hated the thought especially since someone could just walk in on her but that was her only choice.

*Bang, Bang Bang.

“Youv’ got 1 minute until we are disqualified Katy, are you almost done. We’ve been waiting for months for this opportunity please don’t waste it when we are this close.”

Dan was right, and more than that she doubted she could finish peeing before the time ran out.

“Almost done, just getting ready now”

She began pulling on her costume, first a pair of tights, a loose fitting black top and then to her horror, she had a corset to wear. Ordinarily it was her pride and joy, accentuating her already substantial assets she felt like a queen in it. But today, it was more of a torture device. Luckily, It was a simple zip up one which took no time to put on. “Fu……uh” she almost swore again crossing her legs more tightly as the zip squeezed her bladder, trapping it in a metal cage. The final step, a long flowing black dress with red ruffles. Slipping it on still clenching her bladder shut with all her might she ran back out the door, clipping a red rose into her hair and slipping a pair of high heels on, she made it just in time.

“Thank god” Dan said

“Are you ok?, you seem a little flustered”

She was beyond flustered, but there wasn’t anything she could do about that now, she just had to get on with dancing, which would be easier said than done.

"Yeah im fine" she lied.

Luckily, the Jive is quite a fast paced dance with lots of leg movements and crossing over. She knew it would throw off the rhythm slightly but she was having to linger a split second longer with each leg cross. Desperately tensing her thighs and pressing them together, trying to find any and all support for her aching bladder. Her breathing was laboured, more so than usual due to the effort of containing her pent up pee. It was unbearable, how could she manage this wearing a corset and with so much water inside her. She was really regretting that coffee now, a vigorous twirl sending her off into a pose with her legs wide apart.

A crack in the dam appeared as a spurt of warm pee escaped, the momentum shaking her bladder while the pose separated her muscles enough to let it through. She could feel it in her panties, a warm wet spot that made her blush deeply. She was really full, she was trying to deny how much it hurt to keep this up but she was dying. The high heels and corset alone were enough to bring a tear to her eye, pushing and squeezing her bloated bladder in all different directions. A second twirl doubled her discomfort instantly, a jet of pee hissed its way through her underwear and past her tights, running down her leg and onto the wooden dance floor. Katy was loosing it, a tear ran down her face. She just wanted to run to the bathroom but they were so nearly done. She looked at Dan, he was smiling and having the time of his life, he really did live for dance.

Then she saw the look in his eye and remembered how their routine ended. As he moved towards her, Katy’s eyes went wide and she tried desperately to shake her head to tell him not too but it was too late. He grabbed her by the waste and lifted her off the floor, holding her horizontally above him. The crowed clapped, but Katy couldn’t hear them. Her need to pee and discomfort had gone from a 10/10 to a full on 20/10 and nothing could stop the inevitable. She let out a pitiful whimper as her aching bladder muscles gave out and her hours of pee shot out of her, spraying out of her with enough force to cover Dan in the process. He looked up to see the shower of liquid coming out of his partner, he almost dropped her from shock as he was being covered in her strong smelling pee.

Dan lowered Katy to the ground as quickly as possible “What he Fu*k” he shouted out loud, in disbelief of what had just happened. Katy now on her knees in the middle of the dance floor was sobbing, pee still shooting out of her with some force. The puddle she was creating was massive, spreading out in all directions across the polished wood flooring with the sobbing woman at its centre. The other dancers stopped, the music stopped and the room fell silent as no one could believe their eyes. Her dress was being soaked but she didn’t care, she just wanted the world to open up underneath her and swallow her whole. Blushing madly she bore down on her muscles and managed to stop the flow after a minute, she still needed to pee but more than anything she wanted to get out of here. She had wet herself again, the shame just as unbearable.

Standing quickly she attempted to run to the toilets, only to slip in the massive puddle and end up on her back in it. As if the day couldn’t get any worse the force caused her tired bladder to open up once again and this time Katy just went limp as yet more pee flowed out of her. She was drenched, covered from head to tow in her own urine, the entire dance floor was now covered to the disbelief of everyone in the room. How could one small women contain so much liquid, it was amazing in some ways. Finally after another full minute of her pee hissing from her sodden tights she stood, hiding her face in her hands she ran back into the changing rooms. This was the worst day of her life and she just wanted to go home now. The only thing that could possibly make it bearable would be to win the rematch, then the public embarrassment would have been worth it.

1 day till the contest

In less than 24 hours Katy would be back on that stage and this time she was ready. She still felt humiliated by what had happened at the dancing competition and unsurprisingly Dan hadn’t spoken to her since. Despite her mishap, her training went on without any more interruptions. Yesterday had been another cheat day but instead she had drunk an extra two litres in the evening as a test, determined to prove her bladders true strength.

“Bollo*ks” she had woken up late again, how could this happen today of all days. Quickly she gathered her bags, checked she had her parking permit and entry pass before making her way to the show stage. Running towards her door and grabbing her keys she paused for a moment, the memory of last week coming back. She realised that she was desperate for a pee too, she doubled back and went into the bathroom to have her morning pee. If she was going to win, she needed to start on the right foot.

An hour later she was walking onto the stage, the other contestants all seemed extremely confident. In fact, Olivia was already sporting a massive bladder bulge, actually to her puzzlement all of them were. Looking down she was shocked to see that her bladder was also bulging out of her tight purple dress, it was the same size if not bigger than when she bust last time. Her need to pee came back with vengeance, she threw both hands between her legs as her mind struggled to comprehend what was happening, how had she not noticed she was this full before hand. The round began, but for some strange reason she couldn’t hear what they were saying, was the host speaking English? To Katy it just sounded like muffled sounds, her need to pee was excruciating and she couldn’t even understand the questions to answer the. Looking around the other contestants seemed cross with her, while Scarlet was laughing at how Katy pee danced on the spot.

“Im sorry, I don’t understand”

“Please, whats going on”

The Host turned to her and finally she could understand her, but she wished she hadn’t.

“You are the weakest link Katy, and that round you scored £100,000”

With the announcement, she felt the pump turn on and she felt the water start to rush into her, her bladder ballooning stretching and filling more and more. Her purple dress straining against her expanding bladder “Please…..” Katy shouted. Still they filled her, more and more water entering her. “I cant take it any more, please just let me go”

Katy cried. Her bladder was expanding quicker now, to almost comedic levels it stretched feet into the air. She grabbed it with both hands to help carry it, crying as her bladder was stretched to ludicrous levels. It kept going and going and then suddenly with a whimper, she exploded. Pee showering everywhere, gallons of it like a waterfall spilling across the stage where she stood.

“Hu….wha…..”

Katy woke with a start, it had just been a dream. Putting a hand to her crotch she felt it, it was wet like really wet. Removing the covers she could see her bed was drenched, she had peed in her sleep for the first time since she was little. Katy sighed, putting her head back on the pillow, “Why…” sitting up she could see the true extent of the the damage, not an inch of her double bed was dry, it had seeped into every part of it and she too was completely drenched. All the way up her back and into her hair, she was a mess, swinging her feet over the side, even her floor had taken a battering. The bedroom carpet for meters either side a darker shade than the rest. Maybe she had taken it a bit far with the extra 2 litres and not peeing before bed.

Katy stood up, the floor wet under her feet she made her way to the shower where she cleaned herself up. Making a light breakfast after putting her wet pile of bedding in the corner she got ready to leave, her mind racing back to the dream she had just had. Looking at herself, there was no massive bladder bulge and she wasn’t in the purple dress. Instead she had chosen a pair of heavily elastic blue leggings that she knew wouldn’t cause a problem. Having worn them for several of her long holds, she knew they could deal with what she needed them to do. After a quick precautionary pee, Katy left the apartment for the last time before the rematch.

Arriving at the tv station with plenty of time to spare unlike her dream, Katy saw she was the third one to arrive as Olivia and Amanda both stood there sipping at some small coffees. A decision that Katy thought they might regret later on but both of them looked calm, although there seemed to be a sense to tension in the air. Soon the others arrived and they made their way out onto the stage, the lights shining as the rematch of the century was about to begin.....

As always I hope you enjoyed the story, next up we will be seeing how Scarlet has prepared!

*030*2020-01-23 19:19

{{On 1/18/2020 at 9:54 PM, Dtravis said:

I love this idea of not only rematch, but also preparations for the match of each contestant. I don't know if you already have ideas for each woman lined up, but if not, how about one of them is doing house chores while bursting and trying to make all of them done before she loses control? Chores also require a lot of bending, moving, kneeling and such what adds extra challenge. Another idea could be just simply holding against the clock at home (and possibly failing).

One thing I wanted to mention, is numbers that kind of out of line. In the first part Katy drank 3 liters and held for an hour. Generally, kidneys max flow is being considered 16 ml/minute, so it's less than a liter per hour. Maybe it can be increased by "rapid desperation" overhydrating over time, but she didn't do that. If she thinks that at the contest she possibly didn't get any bladder relaxant, around 2 liters should be her natural max capacity, so after 1 hour her bladder would be only half full and she should be able to hold up to 2 hours before losing it. Just a minor detail, it's not a big deal, but I have a thing for capacities and such so couldn't ignore it.

Anyway, beautiful chapter again and I am looking forward to the next one!

}}

{{On 1/18/2020 at 4:25 PM, Melificentfan said:

What a amazing chapter that was I loved hearing how Katy prepared

}}

Thank you again, always happy to get feedback!

I had no idea that was a thing DTravis, thanks for explaining. I always figured that the quicker you drank the quicker it went through you, I just thought it would have impacted how much benefit you gained from what you drank. As in it flushes through you before the Kidneys filter as much out of it. I will keep that in mind in the future.

But for now it's just a writing mistake on my part.

As for Ideas, I think I know what each woman will do. I made sure to think about it and try and plan something fitting for each lady before committing to writing more.

I haven't done exactly what you suggested but hopefully you will enjoy what I have planned for them.

For an update I've almost done Scarlet which will hopefully be up tonight / tomorrow and then ive done bits and pieces for the others.

*031*2020-01-23 23:15

Chapter 9: A family effort (Scarlet)

6 weeks until the rematch

After the contest Scarlet wasn’t feeling too bad about herself, she had didn’t come last and had also chosen to wet herself. Giving up control of her bladder was her choice and as such to her it felt like everything that had happened was her decision. Coming off the stage her husband Andy had been there, immediately hugging her as she still dripped with pee.

When the news about the rematch came through Scarlet knew she could give it another go and when her whole family rallied around to help her prepare for it she felt like nothing could stop her.They would supply her with drinks and stopping her from going to the toilet when she wanted too, never anything to serious but their support was everything to Scarlet. It became a real team effort and while it caused her a fair amount of extra discomfort, she couldn’t help but feel like she was the luckiest women in the world to have such a caring group of people surrounding her.

She had started training almost immediately, putting off bathroom visits as much as she could, her productivity around the house had gone up massively. Using any chore or thing to do as an excuse to put off her pee’s. Many a time she could be seen cleaning or cooking with legs tightly crossed and dancing up and down on the spot, never before had washing up required so much thought. The boys were enjoying it too, maybe they saw it as a bit of a game or was it just funny to them. And’y her husband was also supportive, although he was often the voice of reason telling her not to go to hard to fast.

He quickly worked out a regimen of drinking that was both safe for her but also challenging. Scarlet had her share of close calls in the first couple of weeks but slowly and surely she got used to holding more and more liquid and peeing less and less. They were even helping her with the trivia side, a bit of charity shopping had given them a number of new and old trivial pursuits and similar board games. Every night while scarlet downed glass after glass of water for each wrong answers they would sit together and play. Andy usually won but scarlet was starting to get closer and closer to winning, the training really was working. Although most nights usually ended with the boys laughing as their clearly desperate and bloated mum made a beeline for the bathroom.

Tonight was no different, Scarlet was currently sat on her heel on the floor of the living room with both hands jammed between her legs. Beside her lay an empty jug of water, at least 8 glasses in the last two hours had gone into her and she was feeling them. Her bloated bladder pressed against her crossed arms desperately holding it shut

"Ok Scarlet, we are tied in wedges but if you get this you win" Andy said putting on his best game show voice.

"For all the marbles.......What is the capital of Mongolia"

"Oh......come on....." Scarlet was rocking in place now, her face screwed up in concentration. "Tibet?" she said unsure of her answer.

"DZZZZ wrong, im afraid the write answer is...Ulaanbataar"

"What is that, you are making that up....sounds like some place in Aladdin" Scarlet playfully grabbed the card from his hand.

"Dam it"

"Well looks like thats more water for you sweetheart"

"Im sorry guys, I just cant take anymore im about to pee myself" A sentence that made their two young boys giggle.

"well, ok i guess" Andy said intimidating a sad child, pouting his bottom lip and urging the two actual kids to follow suit.

"No.....no! thats not going to work on me this time"

"Well...you know what that calls for?"

"No....not that either, im seriously about to wet the floor, my bladder is sooo full Andy"

"Tickle forfeit!" he shouted playfully as the two boys sprang up from the floor and ran towards Scarlet.

"Noooooo!" she shouted, laughing as she stood quickly and ran playfully away from them, one hand in her crotch the other fending off their small hands. She ran as fast as she could, sprinting up the stairs leaving her kids at the bottom she fumbled with the toilet door. Swinging it open Scarlet was full on pee dancing as she shut and locked the door behind her, finally Sitting on the porcelain throne and letting her body go limp. Her pee hitting the water below her, she could still hear the giggles and laughter from the living room, it seemed like it was Andy's turn to be the tickler.

"Dam it" she said to herself quietly. One day she would win one of the blasted games.

1 week to go

“Morning darling” Any said, gently shaking her shoulder to wake her up.

Scarlet had been having a lovely dream of sitting on the beach in some hot country while her family played in the sea. She was sure other people had more exiting dreams, but to her it was perfect.

“I’ve got your morning coffee, water and eggs. The boys have also put on a cup of orange juice for you, you know to help with your training”

“Thank you, it looks lovely” She looked down at the liquid laden tray Andy was setting down on the bedside table. Part of her knew what she was doing was crazy, but the other parts just revelled in how much this was bringing the family together. She immediately picked up the large coffee and started to sip it.

“So whats the plan for today” she asked.

“Well, Ross needs some new shoes again, if his feet keep growing I think we will have to send him to clown college soon” Scarlet snorted into her cofee, their eldest son of 11 was turning out to be quite tall and was going through another growth spurt. “And Teddy’s birthday is next week so I thought we could kill two birds with one stone and maybe take them both shopping?” Maybe get some food and a movie afterwards?”

“That sounds nice, is there anything on they both want to watch? I don’t want a repeat of last time”

“yeah he chuckled, that was a bit of a disaster, but I think they both want to go and see that new sci-fi kids film. The one that looks like the thunderbirds but without the puppets and strings”

Scarlet nodded, finishing off the rest of her coffee. “Sounds good”

“Right then, ill leave you to get ready. Drink up he said pointing to the other cups, you know how upset they get if you don’t drink what they make for you.”

An hour later, the four of them were in the car and heading towards to town. Scarlet had taken her usual morning pee after finishing her drinks, but even so she could feel a slight need resurfacing. The drive took about 45 minutes to the town, parking in one of the large multi-story structures they began the short walk into town. By the time they arrived on the main street scarlet could feel a distinct need to pee, but she knew she could hold it and that she needed too do just that if she wanted to increase her muscle strength. As they entered the shopping centre she saw her youngest whisper something into And’s ear and point towards a refreshment stand.

“Well, it seems as the boys think you look thirsty, you ok with another drink?”

“Yeah, I suppose. Leaning closer to him, just don’t make it too big that extra drink this morning is taking its toll.”

He nodded knowingly and walked towards the stand.

“Can I get a flat white coffee please”

“Yeah sure, what size would you like”

“The biggest one!!” Teddy said excitedly next to him.

Looking at the puzzled look from the man behind the stand, “Don’t worry its not for him. He’s just excited, were picking something out for his birthday."

“Oh ok," his mind seemingly put at ease "well do you still want the biggest one we have? We have small, regular, large Grande and then the Grande MAX which is only 40p extra and is just over a litre (48oz)."

Looking down at the excited Teddy, “Sure lets get the Grande MAX”.

She’s going to kill me he thought as he looked over his shoulder at scarlet who was now standing with her legs loosely crossed.

A few moments later Scarlet looked down as Teddy ran over to her holding the biggest coffee she had ever seen. “Here you go, I made sure dad got the biggest for you”

“Thank you, that’s very kind of you Teddy” but Inside she was cursing Andy, ever the softie with the kids, they defiantly got what they wanted when she wasn’t around.

Sorry, Andy mouthed to her. Scarlet shrugged and began drinking. If they had paid for it, she wasn’t going to waste it.

The next two hours of shopping went by quite quickly. Ross found some shoes that were smart enough for school and cool enough that he agreed to wear them. While teddy picked out a cool transformers toy as his gift after about an hour of running around a toy store, his energy seemed never ending. For Scarlet her need to pee was now coming on strong, she had left Andy to follow the speedy Teddy while she and Ross went to find some sweets or something for both of them. It felt kind of unfair for Ross to get shoes while Tedy got a cool toy, so getting something for them both might stop any arguments later one. After all the drinks she had drunk, her bladder was now bloating out in front of her by some distance. It reminded her of being about 3 months pregnant, but was far more worrying. On their way back from the sweet shop she clocked the toilets and started walking towards them.

“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Ross chimed up as she took them towards her much needed relief.

“Im sorry, I know you guys enjoy me holding, but I really have to pee”

“Yeah, but what about the deal?”

“Yeah I know, But I think this is the best time for me to go. Im sure there will be plenty more drinks to come”

When this first started, she had made a deal with them that she would only ever pee four times a day, once when she got up, twice during the day and then before she went to bed. It seemed a good way to make sure she increased her holding abilities but also didn’t cause a scene in public. Especially in front of her kids, who she was trying to make sure turned out as good upstanding men, peeing yourself in front of them too often might have some sort of impact on them she worried.

“This is my first pee of the day, so I’ll be fine”

Rushing into the toilets she threw herself into a stall. Her desperation had skyrocketed after finally deciding to pee. The sheer sight of the toilet had seemingly made her bladder start to try to expel itself immediately. Locking the stall and fighting with her sweatpants for a moment she sat on the toilet, sighing with immense relief. A waterfall of pee drained out of her, taking well over a minute to empty herself. Looking at her watch it was now just after 1pm. Taking a few moments to enjoy the empty feeling and making herself look presentable again, Scarlet walked out of the toilets to see that Andy and Teddy had met up with Ross.

The rest of the afternoon went by similarly fast, they had gone for lunch and dinner both of which had been accompanied by a large number of drinks for Scarlet. Her son’s taking any and all opportunities to ask the wait staff to refill her water. They were defiantly getting some strange glances by the 10th cup of water for her with her steak dinner. She was beyond bloated and starting to feel miserable as the weight of the water took its toll on her aching stomach and full bladder.

She was sitting her her legs tightly crossed and vigorously shaking under the table. Luckily her desperate knee knocking display was going unnoticed by her son’s, although a knowing look from her husband told her she wasn’t hiding it as well as she had hoped. As the deserts arrived her need was too much, she had to hold herself. Shoving one hand between her legs she started to press. She was getting worryingly close to a full blown accident right here in the middle of a restaurant. Cupping her distended bladder that was being pumped full by her kidneys, a shock wave of pain went through her body as someone walked into her chair. The contact causing a small leak to escape her grasp, that was it.. she had to go to the toilet.

Standing carefully with one hand on her bladder, hunched over she slowly waddled her way to the bathroom. Each step sending more shockwaves through her bladder and causing her to wince. She was starting to wonder if she had left it too late, a second stream of pee made its way past her tensing muscles and into her pants. Scarlet could feel her aching muscles were giving way so she quickened her pace towards the ladies room. Her speed causing a few more spurts to leave her bladder and make it past her now wet hand shoved into her crotch. She thanked god there wasn’t a Que as she pushed her way into another stall and for the second time that day emptied herself on a toilet. Inspecting the damage a large apple sized wet spot could be seen on her crotch.

"Fuck" she whispered to herself again, her pee still hitting the water below her at some force. she did her best to dry it using toilet paper but she was sure it would still be noticeable to anyone who saw it. Scarlet had avoided a full blown accident, but that was worryingly close. As she finished peeing she was all to aware of how tired all this holding was making her, plus she could still feel a lot of liquid still in her stomach.

Walking back to the table, Ross chimed up “That’s two pees mum”

“I know, thank you.” He was right, that was her last allowed pee until she went to bed, or at least until they made it home. But she wasn’t too worried, she had already survived 10 hours of being filled by her family, she was sure she could manage a couple more. Sitting down again she was all to aware of the wet feeling between her legs.

“Right then, ill grab the bill and then we can make our way to see The great Unknown!” Andy said, trying to do his best dramatic impression, like the old 80’s trailers.

Walking into the cinema, they went over to buy the tickets.

“Ok guys, you both go to the toilet before the movie starts, Me and your mum will grab some stuff from the refreshment stands. What do you guys want?"

“Tango crush”, Ross said. Taking a few moments to look at the stand Teddy saw what he was after. “I want one of those” he pointed to a massive cup with a little toy of the films main character on. “And some skittles”.

“Ok, we will grab those, now both of you hurry up the film starts in 5 minutes” The boys ran towards the toilets, “Oh, and Ross make sure Teddy washes his hands!” he shouted after them.

“How are you doing love” andy said, giving scarlet a quick squeeze on her shoulders.

“I’m ok, just a little tired after drinking so much. But I’ll be ok” Maybe a coffee will help, but make sure it’s a medium this time."

A few minutes later the boys were back out and having an argument about which of the characters in the show was the coolest when Andy came over to join them. Juggling Scarlet's coffee that she was pleased to see was a regular and the boys massive drinks. The novelty cup teddy had chosen had to be at least half a gallon, in fact on the side it said it was 2.7 litres. She was starting to worry about how much sugar was in It when Andy went to hand it to him.

“Oh no, that’s not for me, I wanted mummy to have it”... “I just want the cup afterwards”

“Wait what?, are you sure” Scarlet said. “Im not sure mommy can hold that much after today”

“Yes you can, you're awesome” Looking down at the beaming child's face, the sentence brought a tear to her eye.

“Thank you, that’s a lovely thing to say, and you are right I am awesome, we're all awesome”

Scarlet took the oversized cup and started to sip it as they walked into the film. It was about 2 and a half hours long with 30 minutes of adverts, that wasn't too bad she told herself, she was sure she could hold on that long but it was going to be close. With a coffee in one cup holder and the massive drink in her hand, she was surrounded by liquid that pretty soon would all be inside her. But with Teddy’s comment fuelling her conviction to hold and impress her son, she could do this..

By the time the adverts had finished Scarlet had drained her coffee and set about the gigantic cola she had next to her. Unfortunately, this was when she felt the first signal from her tired bladder, it was starting to fill again. The water from dinner still making its way through her before she had added any of this extra fluid. Even so and despite the warning signs, 30 minutes later more than half the drink the was gone and she was defiantly starting to feel it. Scarlet was starting to constantly shuffle in her seat, moving from legs crossed, to legs pressed tightly together all the while tapping her foot on the floor. The desperate dance was in full swing and she just hoped all the other viewers would be too engrossed in the film to notice.

By halfway through the drink was almost empty and Scarlet was in dire straights, her legs constantly moving. Her bladder was sticking out of her a ridiculous amount as the water, coffee and cola were pushed through by her kidneys still working overtime due to the massive coffee in the morning. It was like being back on the show, her pants were now tight and restrictive as her pee bore down with all its might on her already tired muscles. She had started sweating profusely and was glad that the lights were down, she must look like a right state she thought to herself. Her iron grip slipped as a spurt of hot pee made its way out of her as scarlet slammed her hands into her crotch. Her face immediately bright red from embarrassment, not only was she in public she was in a movie theatre, she couldn’t have an accident now.

She should get up, she should get up and just go to the toilets. It was like a two minute walk if that, her kids might not even notice. Another hot spurt made its way through, wetting her hands again. She clenched with all her might, pressing tightly with her hands. Another leak, this time a substantial one with an audible hiss. “No, not here, not like this” she whispered to herself. She could still make it to the toilet if she left now, but for some reason her body refused to move.

A fourth leak, then a fifth and a sixth left her tired body. Her quivering thighs failing the tighten enough to stop the flows. It was pure agony for poor scarlet as her pee hole burned, the effort of stopping her bladder completely exploding taking its toll. She could feel it soaking into the chair beneath her. The next squirt that came out was almost fatal, far more forceful and longer than the others it shot out of her. A faint splattering noise could be heard as the film hit a quiet scene just at the wrong moment.

Through her agonised face she prayed that no one heard or noticed what was going on. Her muscles spasmsed again, there was now an almost constant leak happening, a slow trickle of pee escaping her failing grip. Her pee now flowing into her trousers and into the already soaked seat. The only blessing was that it wasn’t flowing onto the floor yet. The battle of her bladder continued for minutes, an almost constant leak almost mirroring the constant flow of drinks still going into it.

She was humiliated, she was a grown woman having an accident in the middle of a movie theatre filled with kids. How could she look her family in the eyes,she had failed them and could only imagine the humiliation they would feel as they left with her covered in her own pee. Pee that was still coming out of her as she sat there, after 5 long humiliating minutes of constant leaking the chair simply couldn’t absorb anymore such was the volume of the accident. A constant dripping noise could be heard coming from it, as pee left her tired body and started pooling on the floor.

It was the smell of her pee that hit Andy first, looking over he could see her face contorted in pain, a faint trickle of pee falling off her chair. He was sorry for what the kids had put her through but at the same time, he wondered why she simply hadn’t left and gone to the toilet. There was still a third of the movie left, he hoped it would dry slightly by the time they left, although going before the lights came up was probably scarlet's best bet at avoiding being totally humiliated.

Scarlet was almost crying now, her leaks had finally stopped after ten minutes, but her bladder had continued to fill. By the end of the film it was full to the brim again, she had let out occasional leak over the last 30 minutes, she was in agony and there was nothing she could do. The puddle on the floor was now big enough to be easily noticeable, the seat and her pants still drenched, her leaks stopping them from drying even slightly. Scarlet looked down at her bladder that now felt more bloated and looked even bigger than when the leaks had begun, how much was her body trying to force into her bladder and when would it stop., she sobbed quietly at the perpetual desperation she found herself in.

Finally the film entered its final scene, it was almost over. Scarlet noticed Andy start to usher the kids towards the exit, tilting his head to indicate they should leave. She followed, red faced but still somewhat hidden by the fact the lights hadn’t come up now. The exit doors lead out into the parking structure they we in, somehow even on the right floor. The artificial lighting did nothing to hid her accident, Scarlet's light grey tracksuit a dark grey having absorbed much of her accident. She felt ashamed and just wanted to get out of here.

Making sure to walk behind her kids, she was hoping they wouldn’t notice her wet pants, although the dark patch had spread around to the front with a large dark spot around her crotch. Luckily after a day of excitement they both seemed to be tired. Getting into their car, she placed an old carrier bag on her seat, her face still flushed red in shame. Andy started their drive back in almost silence, the kids quickly falling asleep in the back. Scarlet was trying to do the best to remain composed, hands clenched in her crotch, her bulging bladder still screaming for release. How she made it out without wetting herself completely she will never know. But after 5 minutes she just couldn’t hold it any more, another painful pulse ravaging her body.

“Please Andy, you have to find me somewhere to pee”

He looked over at her concerned “What, I thought that….you know…you went” he said nodding at her sodden clothes.

“No, im still bursting, you have to help me. I cant wait much longer, you need to like pull over now”

“Are you sure, its dark out here and were still in the town centre”

“Oh…..I don’t know…..I don’t think I can hold it any more”

As she said that a spasm rocked her body.

“Oh my god……Andy, its coming you have to pull over now”

“I cant just pull over, this is a one way road, can you last like 2 minutes and ill find somewhere”

Scarlet was sobbing now, both hands in her crotch applying as much force to help her tired muscles as possible.

“I cant….”

A three second hiss filled the car as another jet of pee forced its way out.

“Oh no, its happening”

“Here, its an emergency use this” Andy said handing her the massive novelty cup that had caused the problem to begin with.

Ordinarily she would never have peed into a cup in the car, but this was no ordinary situation. Scarlet grabbed the cup, popping off the top and positioning it beneath her in the car. Immediately pee burst forth from her, exiting her body at speed and noisily splattering into the plastic cup. Her face washed in relief as her aching and full bladder finally got the permission to empty itself.

“Oh…..god….that feels good.”

Her thundering pee continued for minutes, her eyes closed she was in bliss.

Suddenly she felt fresh wetness hit her feet, oh god she was missing and making a mess. Looking down she was surprised to see that the cup was completely full. She was overflowing the 2.7 litre cup with her mammoth bladder. How was this happening, she didn’t even hold that much when she was in the contest. Scarlet desperately tried to cut off the flow but her body was too tired to respond. Her pee continued for another 10 seconds, spilling onto the floor of the car and making a hell of a mess. Her pee finally ended and she carefully put the cap on the cup, her legs tired after squatting so long. She was amazed, that had to have been close to three litres of pee that just came out of her, how could she hold that much. That didn’t even include the amount she had left in a puddle on the floor of the cinema. She just couldn’t believe it, 3 litres!

Scarlet was sure she had a chance to win the rematch now, if the drug helped people hold twice as much that was six litres! Although even doing the mental maths scared her, she had been at her physical limit tonight, could her body even deal with double that amount or would she be torn in two but the sheer pressure? Either way, the shame of her accident left her and a renewed confidence came over her as she sat in her wet pee smelling car, holding 2.7 litres of golden fortitude.

1 day to go

Scarlet had taken most of the last week off from holding after her ordeal at the cinema, it had taken a couple of days for her bladder to return to normal and stop the mad dashes in the middle of the night. She had started to worry that it had undone all her hard work, but sure enough by the day before the quiz it was back to normal. She had challenged herself this morning, nothing to drastic though as to not upset her bladder. She Had drunk 2.5 litres of water at 9.00am and wanted to see just how long she could hold it before the pain set in. That was her benchmark as to when the muscles were at their end of being able to hold back. It was 12.34 and she was pee dancing in front of their bathroom door. Each minute that ticked by only increased her need to pee 10 fold. She was desperate, legs moving quickly side to side and crossing over. She managed another 5 minutes before a spasm hit her bladder, a sure sign that it was struggling.

“Oh….ok that’s enough….”

She reached for the stashed measuring jug and walked into the bathroom.

Squatting over the large container she released her pee, only just moving her hand out of the way in time as her waters jetted out of her and into the jug. Two minutes later her pee tapered off and she inspected the jug. 2.2 litres, a good amount and well above her expectation when she started this ordeal. Scarlet now had her benchmark, if she felt a need to pee at anything less than 2.2 litres it was all in her head.

She took the rest of the day off, carefully limiting her fluid intake and for the first time in over a month actively not drinking more than necessary. Scarlet wanted to make sure her bladder muscles were in tip top fighting shape for the rematch. Going to bed early she awoke the morning of the rematch fully refreshed and ready to win. On the drive down her and the kids played one final trivia game, in a weird way she would miss this sort of thing when the rematch was over. Maybe she could find something similar to do with the family, just without the risk of publicly disgracing herself again.

As usual thanks for reading! This was a bit more of a relationship based chapter that hopefully made a few supporters of Scarlet happy.

Next up is Amanda!

*034*2020-01-25 14:14

{{23 hours ago, Bombality said:

Just curious but are all the contestants going to wet themselves in their trainings?

}}

Hey, thanks for reading.

I haven't completely fleshed out some of the ideas. But more than likely there will be some sort of wetting in each chapter as each of the ladies pushes their bladders to the max. Although without giving too much away about the exact circumstances, some of the chapters may not be as "negative" for the girls themselves....

Not sure that means anything actually haha, but hopefully you will see what I mean when I post the next few chapters.

*035*2020-01-28 21:00

Chapter 10: Gaming the system (Amanda)

6 weeks to go

Amanda had left the show in pieces, her bladder physically exploding with a ferocity even greater than the final two after she forced it closed beyond its limit. For the next three days, even a single glass of water had made her feel desperate to pee in less than an hour. Amanda had taken her body well beyond its limits and she was worried that she had caused physical damage, such was her determination not to pee and win the show. When the announcement about the sedative failure came out, she was furious and sure that it was what caused her loose. If she hadn’t gotten any as she assumed she hadn’t, it meant that she had held twice as much as some of the others without its help.

The offer of a rematch was tempting to her, to show everyone what she could do with a level playing field. Although after that painful experience she wasn't sure if she wanted to put herself through all of that again, especially since who could guarantee the same issue wouldn’t happen again? But maybe if she could come up with her own way of gaming the system and helping herself, then she might be able to tip the balance to the rightful place of her being at the top.

Luckily as a science teacher at college Amanda had the brains and the opportunity to develop something. She didn't know exactly what she needed, perhaps she could recreate the sedative the show uses and give herself a dose of it before it started? Possibly a muscle stimulant to strengthen her pelvic floor too? Opening one of her medical text books Amanda began to formulate an idea. As far as she could tell, the drugs the show used must be a type of Tolterodine or Darifenacin. These compounds are used to treat urinary incontinence by suppressing the urge to pee and stopping muscle spasms. This sounded exactly like how the drugs had been described to the contestants before the show.

The first mystery was solved, but Amanda was thinking of upping the game from what they had been given by the show. A combination of drug compounds would likely yield better results for what she wanted. Further reading revealed that pseudoephedrine might be the next stop on her tour of bladder capacity improving drugs. A note at the bottom of the medical book clearly told her that this type of drug hadn’t been passed by any medical institution to treat incontinence or in her case win tv shows. Despite this, Amanda added it to the list, highlighting the drugs ability to aid in the retention of urine by constricting the sphincter muscle and relaxing the bladder wall.

These actions would reduce urine leakage due to abrupt increases in pressure, just like when the pumps would activate she thought to herself. A final ingredient of mirabegron was selected, this drug worked by relaxing the bladder muscle during the storage phase, thus increasing the capacity of bladder to hold more urine. These three drugs might be the perfect combination of increasing capacity, reducing the urge to pee and helping relax her muscles. It could take some fine tuning but she was sure she would be able to create the perfect balance of the three. Logging into the college services she quickly placed an order for the following day, making sure to pay it with her card so no one became suspicious about random costs for her department.

The next day Amanda made it into college extra early, picking up her package and setting about her experiment. She would start small with the doses but needed a way of measuring their relative impact per gram of each drug. Carefully she broke each tablet down into a fine powder of which she measured out exactly 10 grams, but now she needed something to mix them with and find a way to measure their impact. After a moment of contemplation she went out into the campus and bought a large pack of 12 water bottles, that was 6 litres. Carrying them back into lab she noted the time as 7.55 and started drinking.

While walking the campus she had come up with the perfect plan, she would drink 2 litres of water and then measure her output of pee and rate her discomfort / need every two hours. She had had her morning pee a little while ago and had a couple of glasses of water in her from breakfast, but she doubted that would impact the results too much. Sighing as she placed the last bottle down she patted her now rather full stomach, weirdly enjoying the empirical study she was carrying out on herself.

Refilling the 2 litres she had drunk she unscrewed the caps of 3 bottles, carefully pouring each of the powders into one and writing the tablets name on the bottle. Her first class was at 8.15 and ran for 1 hour 45, the small break at 10 giving her the perfect opportunity to visit the bathroom and repeat the experiment each time with a different drug. She guessed that the small dosages also meant they would wear of quickly, metabolizing and being removed from her body in the very pee she was using them to measure. Walking quickly to her class she placed the water in her desk and prepared for the lesson.

First period went by uneventfully. Halfway through the need to pee had hit her, but she knew she could manage. By the end she was standing with her legs slightly crossed but she didn’t think she was being obvious about her need. Even though 2 liters was a lot and she was sure soon her bladder would be really complaining, it would take a bit of time for the rest of the water to reach it. As the buzzer ran a sense of giddy enjoyment ran through her, time for the next stage of her plan. She had 10 minutes before the next class. Waiting for the students to leave she grabbed the next 2 litres, a measuring flash she took from the lab and the first drug, the mirabegron.

Plopping down on the toilet, Amanda took out her notebook and the jug , placing it beneath her and peeing forcefully into it for about 30 seconds. Thinking about it she didn’t really have a discomfort scale to go by, but she would put herself at a 6 in terms of need to pee and maybe a 3 in discomfort, she could always change it later. She had defiantly needed to pee, but she could probably have dealt with that level of feeling for a while longer. 687ml, not the biggest pee of her life but still a reasonable amount. Finishing off her notes she quickly poured the pee down the toilet and started chugging the next 2 litres.

The next class went similarly to the first, although she defiantly noticed that despite her bladder bulging slightly her need to pee was less than It was in the first control round. She managed to stand confidently with her legs apart the entire time, no need for pee dancing or any sort of movement to help her hold. Even as the class ended her need to pee was noticeable less than time, staying behind to help a couple of students that were struggling with certain aspects of the class. Their test was in a little over a month away, so despite wanting to go and measure her pee and keep up her meticulous time scale, she stayed behind. Luckily it was now lunch time so she had plenty of time to get to the bathroom.

15 minutes later, she rushed out of the room and towards the staff bathrooms one again. Inside she repeated the process, Need to pee was at maybe a 4, discomfort at a 3 like before, but her 40 second pee was almost a litre at 941ml. That was a strong indication these drugs could work. Giving herself a 30 minute lunch break she returned to her classroom 10 minutes before the next lesson to down her water. It was a little harder this time because she was so well hydrated. But still she forced down the water, including the pseudoephedrine laced bottle. Her stomach was feeling heavy now, a sign that there might have been more water in her than before. She still had quite a bit to process and even as the class started to file in she felt the barest sensation of needing to pee.

An hour later Amanda really needed to visit the ladies room, she could defiantly feel the ball of pent up urine in her, looking down it was starting to bulge out of her abdomen. Nowhere near as much as it had in the show, but as someone not used to seeing it there at all, it was a bit of a shock. She crossed her legs and tried to forget about it, but 20 minutes later the need to pee had intensified dramatically. She had started to pace around the class, a few people had picked up on the fact that something was off with her, but none seemed to be paying that much attention. She was finding it peculiar though, she knew she needed to pee and yet she didn’t necessarily feel “Uncomfortable” or really desperate.

Maybe it was just her brain still sending the right signals that she was full, without her bladder responding properly. Was this what the drug was supposed to do? she wasn’t to convinced by it so far. Another 10 minutes crawled past, with the exam so close most of her students were busy studying or doing practice papers and that gave her plenty of time to think about her situation. Did she need to pee badly or not, her body was sending her mixed signals in the literal sense. Either way she took this time to sit behind her desk and tightly cross her legs. Amanda stayed like that until the end of the class, as the buzzer rung she stood up quickly to usher the students out.

The sudden movement shifted the mass of liquid within her, she winced as she physically felt it swish around inside her and yet again, there was no discomfort or peak in her need to pee. Gathering her equipment she made her way back to the staff bathroom to finish off this section of the test. Need to pee was a solid 8 right now, the extra water and time at lunch must have caught up with her. Discomfort however was at a 3, maybe even a 2. She felt like she could physically hold this amount for hours longer even if her brain was telling her should couldn’t. Peeing into the measuring forcefully again, moments after managing to get it in position, 989ml, just under a litre.

Amanda grabbed the last 2 litres and began chugging them down as quick as possible, she only had 3 minutes till her next and final class of the day. This was the same drug as they gave her in the show so she was already fairly certain she knew how this one would feel. That is, if she even got any of it. Walking back to class she was surprised to see some students already in a line outside her room. Apologising to them she let them and started preparing. This lesson was a practical session on titration, asking for help from some of the early students she began putting out the large flasks and cylinders needed.

Despite being surrounded by the sounds of dropping water slowly hitting small pools of acid, Amanda found herself completely distracted from her need to pee. She was surprised when the buzzer wen’t signalling the end of the day. It had been two hours and her need to pee was still minimal. She could see that she was physically rather full by the bulge that had reappeared in her abdomen, but she was barely feeling any sensation. These drugs must work really well she thought to herself.

“Ok class, looks like that’s it for today. I hope you all have a nice weekend and I will see you all next week.”

As she was clearing away her equipment she started to wonder just how much they worked. At her current rate she was pretty sure she could make it home, she might even be able to wait longer after that. So 45 minutes later she walked out to her car still unrelieved. There was defiantly a bit more of a need now, but she was sure she could make it home. Unfortunately, her body had other ideas, as the 20 minute drive home was a bit more eventful than Amanda had planned.

The need to pee came on so fast and suddenly it took her completely off guard. She had gone from a 2/10 to a solid 10/10 in about 10 minutes. Shuffling her legs as wildly as driving would allow she was now pressing on her crotch, the extra support suddenly needed to not flood her car. “They must have worn off she muttered”, taking her time at a red light to cross her legs and bounce in her seat. This was bad, the reality of her bladders state coming to her. Dam those drugs for working so well she thought to herself. She would have to remember this in the future, they might work but they had one hell of a drop off in effectiveness. A few minutes later the desperate Amanda pulled onto her driveway. Flinging the door open she gingerly made her way to the front door. Fumbling with the keys in one hand and pee dancing on the spot, she just about managed to get the keys in open the door still dry.

She rushed for the toilet, holding herself the entire way, she could feel her control slipping. Slamming her bathroom door open she didn’t even take her panties off, instead sitting down in them and using a finger to hook them to the side. The valuable seconds saving them from the inevitable downpour that was about to happen. As soon as her ass hit the seat she was peeing. "Ooooohhhhhh" she moaned in delight, her eyes shut for a moment. Opening them again she realised that not only was the toilet door still open, so was her front door. If someone was to walk in right now they could see her relieving herself, panting as the litres of pee escaped her. “Dam it"……she hadn’t measured it. The rush of getting in and not wetting herself had made her forget about the experiment. But there was still plenty of time to measure herself again. She sighed, the tension that had suddenly filled her body over the last 10 minutes ebbing away in her longest piss of the day.

1 week to go

Over the last 5 weeks Amanda had been experimenting with various amounts and ratio's of the drugs. A number of close calls, damp underwear and funny looks from students had given her the current ratio of 5 parts Darifenacin, 4 parts mirabegron to 3 parts pseudoephedrine and today's total was 480 grams. A large amount compared to the initial 10g of each she had started with, but it seemed as if they had somewhat of a diminishing return in their benefit. Amanda had also been upping her water intake to match, day 1 had been 2 litres every 2 hours but by last week she was up to 5 litres in the first 2 hours followed by a litre every hour. Totalling at 12 litres per day, a quantity that she made sure to carefully mix with a variety of salt, minerals and other chemicals to avoid any negative effects on her body.

Amanda was currently on her way in, finishing off the second bottle of water as she arrived. Today was an exam day and as such she had prepared. Carrying an extra bottle of water than last week she made her way into the classroom ready for the day to begin.

The first exam on inorganic chemistry came and went, if you had asked her to pick out the few students she didn’t think were going to pass she could have by just looking at their body language. Hunched and avoiding her eye contact as they walked past her at the end, she was sure she was going to see a couple of them next year for re-sits. As the room emptied she made a beeline for the toilet, she had to be quicker today because of the exams so despite her interest she had to forego the measuring and recording portions. Mental notes would have to do for now, so far there was little to no difference to yesterday to be fair.

She had been noticing a drop off in the effectiveness the more she took, maybe she was at the limit to what her body could take. A quick pee to reset her bladder she began walking back to the room, starting to quickly drink the next litre of water. The students began filing in and taking up their seats, she sighed to herself as she sat on one of the unoccupied desks, this was not why she became a teacher. This time it was a biology exam, flicking through the paper she picked out a question on the kidneys function and chuckled to herself, well she was testing that recently.

Once again the test came and went and so did her water rations, by the end of the 2 hours exam she was starting to feel her full bladder demanding some attention. It was now straining against her tight red skirt, but even though she could feel it pressing against her there was no discomfort as the drugs did their job.

As the exam came to an end, another examiner stood up.

“OK guys, if you would all please leave quietly. I know some of you are in the exam right after this because of the scheduling conflict, so if you could keep seated that would be great.”

Just three students remained sitting, picking them out Amanda identified them as Justin, Martin and Angelica. Neither Justin or Angelica were the brightest students in her mind, but she still gave them both a good change to pass without too many issues. Something she couldn’t say about Martin who she was slightly surprised had even turned up after missing so much of the year. If she had too, she would probably rate the others about equal, Justin as slightly higher grades wise than Angelica, but she really shone in the practical coursework. She would make a fine pharmacist one day Amanda thought to herself.

“Hi…Sorry” Martin spoke up. “Can I go to the bathroom please.”

Luke the other examiner walked over too him, “Yeah sure, but im afraid im going to have to accompany you.”Turning towards Amanda “Can you watch these till I get back, ill try not to be too long”

“Sure no problem” Amanda replied, although if she was honest she too would have liked to use the bathroom.

With that the two of them left the room, leaving her with just Justin and Angelica. “Sorry…..can I go too?” Angelica asked.

“Im sorry, you’re going to have to wait till they get back. I cant leave Justin here on his own and Luke cant take you.”

“Ok” she replied meekly. Amanda looked at her, she clearly needed to pee just like her, but Angelica wasn’t anywhere near desperate yet. Her short black hair waving across her face, she brushed it out of the way showing off her bright green eyes.

A few minutes passed and Angelica raised her hand again

“Im’ sorry but I really need to go”

“Like I said before, we will just have to wait until Luke is back, Sorry”

Yet more minutes passed and she began to worry what had happened to them. The mens room was only 30 seconds away and yet they had been gone for over 5 minutes, the test was set to begin at 14:00 and it was currently 13.58

14:00 rolled around with neither Amanda or Angelica getting the relief they needed. “Right guys, im sorry to say we are going to have to start the next exam, I m not sure what’s kept the others but we need to start on time anyway”

“But……” the petite short girl tried to object.

“I’m sorry, but im sure you can hold it. These are your finals and you are now 19 years old, so please just do your best and I’ll see if I can let you out a little bit earlier if you finish your test”

Her student looked worried, biting her rose red lips. She turned over the first page of the test and began writing. Where did the others get too.

Thirty minutes later Luke returned without Martin

“What the hell happened” she whispered to him

“The little sh*t had a cheat sheet for the test in the bathroom. I took him to Mr O’connel, I don’t think we will be seeing him again”

“Oh” was all the shocked Amanda could say, she pressed her thighs together.

A hand raised in the back.

“Please, I really need to visit the toilet” Angelica was now bobbing in her seat. Clearly her desperation had increased tenfold since the break. With more than an hour left Amanda was starting to worry about her, although a building pressure reminded her she was in the same boat. Her hands had started to sweat, was that normal? it hadn't happened before, maybe it was a side effect? or maybe thats just how badly her body needed to relieve itself.

“Im sorry, now the test has started we cant let you leave.” Amanda replied

“But its an emergency” Amanda could see tears forming in the eyes of the young woman as she pleaded.

“Im sure it is, but these are the rules. You will just have to try your best. Now please just get on with your test.” It had come out more stern than she meant it too, but the constant talk of bathrooms was not helping her either.

Angelica whined, tensing her thighs as the need to pee only increased with the knowledge she would have to sit there for the next hour and a half. She was desperate too pee, an all night-er filled with coffee and red bull was wreaking havoc in her bladder now. She crossed her legs and tried to concentrate on the test, something that was easier said than done with a full bladder.

At the front Amanda wasn’t doing much better, the heavy weight in her stomach pressing down with all its might, checking her watch it was 15:10 and having experimented with the drugs enough she knew they would be starting to wear off. Her concoction usually lasted 8 hours at the amount she was taking them, she had started drinking her water before she arrive this morning, 7 and a half hours ago. Amanda sat on a desk at the front, tightly squeezing her legs together before giving up and crossing them for added support. She cursed the formal attire that was required for these tests, her navy slacks were really digging into her bloated bladder. Despite how bad it was now, it was more the future she was worried about. She couldn’t really feel their impact that much at the moment but as the drugs wore off and the water she had continued to drink flowed through her, he would be in trouble shortly.

Angelica's bladder was hurting now, all ability to concentrate on the test had gone, she was in a fight for her dignity. Slowly the minutes passed as she watched the clock tick along. 25 minutes left, her legs were constantly vibrating beneath the small desk alternately bobbing up and down.... 20 minutes left, her left hand was constantly under the desk, pressing against her crotch as she breathed heavily in her seat.... 15 minutes left, Angelica's bloated bladder was now sticking out far enough that it was pressing against the hard wood of the desk. This was the worst day of her young life, how could the school do this to her.

How could the teachers do this to her! couldn’t they see how desperate she was, she was almost crying in pain and yet they didn't care. Her legs still vibrating, up and down as quick as possible, a rasping noise filled the room as her fidgeting caused her nylon clad legs to rub against each other. At 12 minutes the first hole in her defence appeared, a short spurt of pee warmed her underwear under her hand. ”Huuuuu” the strange high pitch noise coming out of her involuntarily as her underwear warmed and her thighs clenched as hard as they could in response.

“Please” she begged a tear rolling down her face

Amanda was in the same position as the young black haired girl in front of her, only just suppressing the urge to unload her swollen bladder right there on the floor. As Amanda had been watching it was as if their two bladders were connected, each time Angelica’s desperate antics increased because of her need, Amanda's followed suit. She clenched her teeth as she was forced to stop shaking her thighs together now a student was looking.

“Ok, are you sure you can’t hold on for 10 more minutes? Its almost over?”

“Miss, I cant…..I’m sorry.”

“Ok, well If you leave I cant let you come back in you know that yes?”

“Oh……yes I know that I don’t care anymore”

“Well, you should still care……but if you need to go that badly I suppose we can let you out a few minutes early.”

“If that’s ok with you Luke”

“Yes, that’s fine with me.”

Amanda looked at the desperate girl, tears rolling down her flushed face.

“Ok, well if you bring your test up to the front you can leave”

“Oh thank you! The young girl panted out” The exertion taking its toll.

Slowly the woman rose, hands clutching her distended bladder as she started to take short, slow and deliberate steps towards the front. She looked like she was worried that any sudden movement would spell disaster for her and her burstingly full bladder. Her thighs still pressing hard against each other, the display in front of her doing nothing to distract Amanda. After what seemed like forever she made it to the front, handing over her paper to Amanda.

“Thank you, now remember ot grab your things on the way out”

“Miss, im sorry can I get them, im really about to burst right here” Angelica winced as the omission seemed to make her bladder throb deeply within her.

“I’m really sorry, but you wont be allowed back in again like I said, your going to have to take them with you”

“But…miss”

“I’m sorry, I don’t make the rules” Amanda said, which was true but she did feel bad for her young student. But Amanda’s bladder sympathetically panged from inside her, the first shock of pain radiating through her bladder. The drugs were really starting to wear off now and she too was in trouble.

Tears rolling down Angelica's face, clutching her bladder through her summery green dress the young woman turned and started hobbling towards the back. This was the worst she had ever needed to pee her entire life. Each step cased the contents of her brimming bladder to shake inside her, another spurt escaped into her pants. A sob left her as she felt the wetness spread out in her underwear. Slowly but surely she made her way to the back of the room, 100m that felt like a mile for poor Angelica in her current state. Mournful sobs and gasps filled the room as she made her way to her locker, grabbing her coat and bag she was heading to the exit at the back of the room when she heard Amanda shout.

“Im really sorry Angelica, but you haven’t signed the front of your answer book”

A louder sob escaped her closed lips “Please miss, I can’t hold it….Please…..”

“Its ok, I’ll come to you.”

Angelica stood with her legs tightly crossed and hands firmly between her thighs moments from a disaster. Amanda dismounted the desk, her sudden movement shifted the mass of water inside her, causing her to double over and grab a chair for support. Slowly she followed in Angelica's footsteps to the back of the room, with slightly more composure but in just as much discomfort. It came with practice she supposed. Approaching the sobbing girl she noticed a couple of droplets of water underneath her, the green knee length dress showed no signs of any accident but they both knew the end was approaching.

“Here, just quickly write you name here, sign it and put your student number down and your free to go”

“Ok” with shaky hands Angelica grabbed her pen and started to write. She was in so much pain it wasn’t bearable, her bladder felt like it was just moments from exploding inside her. More tears ran down her delicate face as the pain spiked “Owww..” she whimpered.

“Ok, there we go Angelica, your ok to leave"

But the delays had been to much for her, unknown to Amanda and everyone else in the room, she had been leaking steadily for the last 10 seconds,even now she was free she already knew it was too late.

“Im sorry….”

A loud splattering filled the room as a downpour of pee came rushing out of the small petite young woman. It smelled overwhelmingly of coffee and energy drink, her puddle foaming as it spread out from the crying woman. It was pure torture for Amanda who watched her students accident rapidly unfolding in front of her. The deafening noise of pee hitting wood with some force filled the room, she instinctively grabbed herself through her trousers. Pivoting one leg and smashing her thighs together to stop any leaks, she felt her bladder pulse inside her. Amanda's body was now desperate to follow the young woman's example as she stood there still emptying herself.

Amanda was shocked by just how much the young girl had been holding, the foaming puddle spreading out in all directions, lapping up against her high heels, flecks of pee bouncing off the hard surface and hitting Amanda on the legs. She could physically see Angelica's swollen bladder deflating in front of her very eyes, how the young woman had contained so much she would never know. Finally after over a minute the young girl finished wetting herself in the now silent test room, the only noises being made by the drops still falling off Angelica's wet clothes and hitting her enormous puddle. Angelica was humiliated, she had wet herself at college, crying into her hands she wished she could just pop out of existence, rewind the day so this would never happen.

Slowly she came back to the room, realising that what she wished for would never happen. “Why….why couldn’t you just let me go earlier” The humiliation was giving way to anger now, “I said I had to go two hours ago and yet you didn’t let me. This is your fault” the young woman hissed at Amanda.

“I’m sorry, I was just following the rules”

“well, you could have made an exception instead of making me wet myself like this” she gestured to the massive puddle and her wet clothes before storming out of the room.

Amanda's bladder pulsed again, pressing her thighs together still in shock at the usually well mannered girl’s outburst. She was still stood in the ever expanding puddle, pee running between the cracks of the floorboards it was good thing they were on the ground floor.

“Ok, sorry about the disturbance Justin, we’ll give you an extra 5 minutes if you need them” chimed Luke, equally shocked by the spectacle that had just unfolded in front of him.

“Um….yeah ok” the student chimed up, he still had a couple of questions and it was safe to say that he had been distracted by everything that had just happened.

It was Amanda's turn to be in agony now, walking back to the front even slower as the contents of her bladder shook. The now wet high heels she was wearing putting an almost unbearable amount of pressure on her bloated bladder. For the first time she looked down at herself and was surprised to see just how much it was sticking out. It was almost as bad as it had been in the show, maybe even worse. A new shock wave went through her bladder, she was starting to doubt if she could make it to the end of the test either. Each second that ticked by felt like gallons of water was being added to her bladder, her body finally metabolising the last of the drugs. That meant she was starting to feel the full effect of all the water in her bladder for the first time that day. She had never held this much without them before, could she really manage? She decided not to try and test that theory.

“Luke, im just going to get a mop for the floor, we should probably clean it up before we leave” it was a ruse, she was going to accidentally fall into the toilets on her way past. Not that she thought Luke would care.

“Ok…oh wait, sorry we cant leave. There’s only Justin left”

“So..” her brain fogged by her need to pee

“Well, we are not supposed to be in a room one on one with a student remember. Not that I think anything would happen but I just don’t want to risk breaking the rules for a mop you know”

“Oh yeah…..good point” Amanda resigned herself to the fact that she too would have to wait until Justin finished. Looking at the clock it was 16.00 the test should be over, she should be rushing to find a toilet right now. Unfortunately, not letting Angelica out in time was coming back to bite her, Amanda's foot was now tapping on the floor until a look from Justin made her realise how loud it was in the otherwise silent room.

“Mmm,” Another spasm rocked her body, they were coming quicker and quicker now. Like contractions but instead of a human she was birthing litres of water. Crossing her legs she rested a hand on her crotch, trying not to look like she was holding herself, while also…holding herself. Amanda’s need to pee increased in leaps and bounds over the next five minutes but somehow she survived, still dry.

“Ok Justin, im afraid that’s all the extra time we can give you, please come and put the paper at the front. Make sure you have signed it and put your student number on the front and well done.” Luke gave him a little pat on the back as they walked to the front. “Ok, Amanda I’ll grab the papers if you want to go look for the mop now?”

“Yes!” she said it way to enthusiastically, getting a raised eyebrow from her colleague. “Sorry…..I’ll go find one right now.” Starting off slowly she left the room heading towards the staff room, but a spasm made her realise she wasn’t going to make it upstairs in time. Out of sight of the room she started running as fast as her heels would allow to the girls room. She could feel her control slipping by the second, she just hoped that if she was quick enough what ever remnants of the drugs in her system would help her hold long enough.

Running into the corridor with the toilet in sight she suddenly thought….I should measure this. Pausing for a moment, she took a left instead of a right, running towards her room. She threw her desk open, grabbing just the measuring jug she headed out. She didn’t need the journal, everything was a 10, need to pee 10, discomfort 10, seconds left probably about 10. Almost sprinting into the toilets she felt the slightest of dribbles leave her, locking the door she fumbled with her clothes pulling everything down in one swoop and just getting the jug in place before her pee burst forwards out of her.

“OH!....Oh…..oh…..” she sighed again, finally letting her body take over, the pee shot out of her with an even greater velocity than before. She had always been a forcefull pee’er but when she was holding this much it only seemed to enhance the situation. Minutes passed as still she pissed into the jug which was becoming heavy in her hands. At risk of wetting herself, she had to use both hands to hold the liquid filled jug.

Finally it ended and Amanda could see that she had almost filled the jug. 4.2 litres! “Wow” she couldn’t suppress her surprise. That was a lot of pee! How had she held all that, maybe the drugs hadn’t worn off? Could it be that they were still working and it was the sheer volume that she had been holding that caused such discomfort? How was her body even possible of holding this much, it was more than double her previous record. Although that had been from just two hours and half the amount of liquid. Slumping on the toilet in relief, she failed to notice a shadowy figure pass the entrance of the toilets.

5 minutes earlier…

Angelica was just coming out of the toilets when she heard Amanda’s heel clacking quickly across the floor. She saw her teacher run past, clearly exhibiting the same signs that she had before wetting herself in the hall. Yet, Amanda paused before coming towards her and darted off in a different direction, where was she going?

Following behind Amanda she followed her back to her teaching room, why was she going there? After a few moments Amanda re emerged from the room and darted towards the toilets she had just ran past. Ducking into an alcove as to not be seen, she stepped into Amanda's room.

“What were you up too” she muttered to herself.

Looking around the room nothing looked out of place, except her desk seemed to be open. Opening the unlocked door fully she was surprised to see a selection of empty litre bottles, some strange powders and a notebook. Taking a mental image of how it looked so she could replace everything perfectly afterwards, she grabbed the notebook. Opening it she was surprised at what she saw, copious notes on Amanda’s bladder functions, names of drugs she wasn’t even sure what they were. But after reading through weeks worth of pages she was starting to understand, Amanda was going to cheat on the show! Angelica had got her, she should totally hand her in and get her disqualified….then she had an even better idea to get her own-back.

1 day to go

After her near miss last week, Amanda was being careful with her dosages. A new development was a 2 part administering. She took 360g of her drug cocktail, followed an hour later by another 240g. That would ensure a more gentle slope of it leaving her system and giving her time to adapt to it herself. Today was the last day of college before Easter break, most of her classes today would be easy with the exams over and most coursework in, she looked forward to the casual lessons.

Arriving earlier than normal to prepare her dosages she was surprised to see she wasn’t the first one in. Why anyone else would be in this early was beyond her, don’t people know it’s the end of term. Walking through the silent corridors she noticed that despite the cars outside, the building still seemed empty. Setting her nerves about getting caught to ease she walked into the lab.

Carefully taking out the remaining tablets she began crushing them in a pestle and mortar, upturning them into a small pile on the table. Suddenly Amanda heard the faint thud of the doors outside the lab open and closing, “Sh*T” if someone found her like this she could be in real trouble. Quickly she grabbed a nearby box and covered her work, trying to look nonchalant…..but.... no one came through, she must be imagining things. Giving it another 2 minutes she uncovered her work and quickly set about measuring out the right dosages.

Dzzz dzz, Amanda's phone buzzed in her pocket startling her. “Hello?”

“Hi Amanda, sorry its Dawn at reception I think your car alarm is going off”

“Oh ok, sorry I’ll be right out”

She didn’t want to leave the powders out in the open, but then again it’s a science lab, this sort of thing wasn’t that weird for this room. As long as no one looked too closely she was sure it would be fine. Rushing out of the room and towards her car she could hear the faint alarm in the distance. Turning off the alarm with her key she went to check if her car was ok, a large branch had seemingly fallen off the tree nearby and landed on it. Thankfully, there didn’t seem to be any damage. Moving the branch off her car and giving it another once over she walked back to the lab.

Meanwhile…

Angelica’s plan had worked perfectly. She had spent that last week watching Amanda and planning for this moment, she was about to get revenge. Waiting for Amanda to leave the room after setting her car alarm off she crept into the lab. The timing couldn’t have been better, there on the desk was the incriminating evidence. Slowly she took out a small bag of powder and placed it on the side. Next she took a spoonful of the mixed powder that Amanda had prepared and quickly threw it down the drain, washing away any remnants. Finally she took the bag of similarly coloured white powder and carefully mixed it with the mound in front of her.

“This will teach her, What goes around comes around”

Amanda quickly returned to the Lab and thankfully found everything just had she had left it. Splitting the powder into the two doses for tomorrow she carefully poured them into two small bottles of water. Rather than her usual litre bottles, she opted for 2 330ml bottles to minimise her intake before the show started. She was about to mix another dose when she thought better of it, maybe she should giver her bladder a rest for a day. Screwing the lids back on the bottles she placed them in her bag and tidied her stuff away.

The day went about as expected, most students weren’t that interested in doing anything academic today and she wasn’t about to make them. The only strange thing was that in her last session of the day. Angelica, the student who had wet herself last week was staring at her. Watching intently as she sipped her water, it was kind of creeping her out. But the session ended and a strangely disappointed looking Angelica left her class. She spent the evening brushing up on her trivia, something she should probably have done more of but she wasn’t worried with the ace up he sleeve.

She woke early the next morning to prepare, the filming started at 11 but the women were told to arrive by 10 for sound checks as well as hair and makeup. Taking her morning pee she fished the two bottles of water out of her bag. “Bottoms up and heres to winning” she said to herself. The first bottle disappears quickly and an hour later the second bottle laid empty as well. Taking another precautionary pee before leaving she selected a pair of tight light blue leggings and a long black top, When she arrived at the studio she was surprised to find that she was the first one there, walking around for a little while her nerves were starting to get the better of her. What if they did a drug test this time? They didn’t last time but what if they did? Was what she had done illegal?

Thankfully for her sanity Olivia arrived soon after and the pair went for a small coffee to pass the time and wait for the others. She wasn’t sure that it was a good idea but Olivia somehow convinced her to join in. Feeling a little tired it didn’t take much to convince her.

A little while later the others arrive and now they just had to wait for the contest to start.

Hi guys, slightly different way of training in this chapter but I hope you liked it just the same.

Also I’m sure I don’t need to say this but just as a disclaimer, while the drugs in this part might be based off real ones their affects are completely fictional!

Next contestant up is Claudia.

*039*2020-02-02 23:31

Chapter 11: April showers (Claudia)

Claudia had left the competition feeling fairly good about herself, third place was good enough for her. She had been beaten by two very strong bladder’d and strong willed women, watching from the side-lines as they went head to head with their bladders, taking them well beyond any normal limits. The extent their bladders had bulged out of their bodies had shocked her, she had never seen anything like it but it showed the true extent that these women were going to in order to win.

When the scandal broke it suddenly made sense to her, there was no way anyone could have gotten that full without an overdose on whatever “safe” chemicals they were giving them. Thinking about it, did that mean that she had a chance of winning the rematch? If they had only gotten that far with the extra chemicals then was she the true winner. She had been so shocked when both Alex and Olivia had taken the extra litre before she wet herself on the stage, neither cracking under the immense pressure. Was she cheated from winning the game at the last moment by some stupid mistake by the show? Claudia was still impressed by the sheer willpower of the two women and knew neither could be considered at fault, but it did mean their win might have been illegitimate. A fact that made Claudia more confident than ever in her chances of winning the rematch, although with 6 weeks she was sure that the other contestants would be training for this.

6 weeks to go until the rematch

Her job as a weather girl at her local TV station would simultaneously make things harder, but also easier in some ways. She only worked 6am till 10am but that was 4 hours where she knew she wouldn’t be able to visit the toilet, so she wouldn't be able to risk training in the mornings. But at the same time it also gave her the rest of the day to do whatever she wanted.

Returning back to work had been weird though, it seemed like everyone at the station had seen the episode she was in. They had banners congratulating her for coming third, the occasional joke about her never needing to pee at work again seemed a little close to sexual misconduct for her liking. Although It seemed like they had taken the whole thing well, but it was still strange to have so many friends or work colleagues talking about her bodily functions. She kind of just wanted them to forget about it all, but that was unlikely to happen with the rematch on the cards.

Today was Friday and that meant she had two full days of free time, plus the rest of today to do what she wanted.

“That’s all from me here at the studio, but to stay up to date on all things weather over the weekend head over to our website or use the app.”

“Thanks Claudia, our final story of the day, why did the chicken cross the road. Well it turns out to visit his friend the Donkey. A heart warming now viral video has………

Claudia stepped off the screen as the light went off on her camera.

“That was a great take, perfect as always”

“Thanks George” he was the main reason that working here was so tolerable, well all the staff in her immediate department were. They were all so lovely, she might make more money at a larger news channel but they always look so much more stressed and unhappy. For her, this was the perfect job.

“Got any plans for the weekend?” she asked

“Yeah its my Sisters in law’s birthday so I think we are going out into the country for a family get away”

“Oh that sounds nice, are they the ones you get on well with?”

“Ah…no” he chuckled. “These are the posh side of the family. Flat caps and shotguns sort”

Handing over her lapel microphone to the sound guy mike chimed up.

“Posh twats you mean”

“Mike!” Claudia exclaimed

“No….he’s right. If they weren’t married to my sister I would not spent any time with them if I could. Not my sort of crowd.”

“Well, hopefully you will still find some way of having fun George”

“Yeah, there’s a wine tasting and plus I quite enjoy accidentally sneezing really loudly while we are out hunting”

“Hahaha…Ooops” Claudia had laughed quite loudly, hopefully not loudly enough to be picked up in the background noise on the microphones aimed at the presenters.

“Anyway im going to head out guys, enjoy your weekends”

“Thanks Claudia, you too” they both replied.

Walking out of the broadcast building she checked her phone, almost 11am. Despite having worked this job for more than 3 years, it was still kind of odd to be done with work by this time. Sure she had to get up at 4.30 every day to do it, a fact that killed almost all of her social life, but it wasn’t a bad deal.

A few hours of shopping and errands later, she arrived home having picked up the supplies she needed for her weekend plans. Not quite wine tasting and hunting but this was the first weekend since the show and she was ready to start improving her bladder. It had been easy going the rest of the week, she would drink a couple of glasses of water before the show, enough to make her feel a need to pee but not get desperate. She was fairly sure she could hold the amount still in her bladder almost indefinitely, Thinking about it she could feel a light pressure in her bladder from this mornings, a reminder she should probably pee before starting this. Walking over to her bathroom she sat down sighing, part of her wondering if this was a good idea or not.

After emptying herself out, Claudia walked over to her shopping picking up one of the bags and grabbed the special lock out of it. It had take a while to find one that would fit her bathroom door but she had managed to get one ordered. Taking out of the packet she began reading the instructions, it seemed fairly simple. It was a timed lock with a keypad that let you enter in the amount of time you wanted to wait before it unlocked. Examples on the box included lock boxes for phones, cabinets with the tv remotes in but no bladder training examples for some strange reason.

Screwing it onto the door frame she checked her phone again, it was almost 2pm. Her plan was to start out easy, setting the dial for 5pm she clicked it shut.

“Well that is that” she said out loud as her bladders fate was sealed for the next 3 hours, it would just have to hold anything and everything she put into it. She lived in quite a quiet neighbourhood, so there were no shops, hotels or anything she could run too if it got too much either, but in this case that was a bonus. Picking up the rest of her shopping she took out the 48 bottles of Coke, strangely it wasn't the first time she had brought home such a big case.

Claudia had always had a sweet tooth and despite her amazing figure was addicted to the sweet tastes of soda drinks. Unscrewing the top off the first 330ml bottle, she started to chug it down. Her plan was to repeat this every 30 minutes until the time was up, a total of 1,980ml which was about the same as she held in the show before the round that finished her off. Changing into a pair of jogging bottoms Claudia threw herself onto the couch, with alarms set for each half an hour and the bottles in front of her all she had to do was wait.

Two and a half hours later Claudia was done waiting, her legs double crossed and thrashing about, up and down they moved repeatedly as she fought the waves of desperation from the coke that wanted its way out of her. It had started slowly but had now built to unbearable levels, her face sweating as she sat on her couch trying to use the next episode of the bake off to keep her mind off her bladder. As usual, despite her dire need to pee, looking at her toned stomach revealed little evidence of the battle that was going on inside of her. Checking her phone again…..4.32, “dam it” she cursed out loud, only two minutes had passed since she last checked. The raging waters within her making every second feel like an eternity to her.

The coffee table caught her eye, two unopened bottles still stood there, fizzing gently in their bottle the bubbles building up pressure within them. Unlike her bladder the plastic was more than strong enough to deal with it, but she was already 2 minutes late on starting the bottle she should have had at 4.30. One hand jammed into her crotch and the other holding her stomach, she wasn’t sure she could handle another drink. Slowly she reached forwards and grabbed the bottle, it wont even reach my bladder by 5 so really it shouldn’t make much difference she told herself. While that was true, as soon as she put the open bottle to her lips her bladder pulsed strongly within her as if it didn’t have the same faith in that fact.

A third of the bottle was gone, but her bladder was now spasming with every swallow. “This is crazy” she said to herself screwing the lid back on and placing it down. She was testing her bladder not trying to make it explode, Looking at her phone again 4.40 “Fu*k” she exclaimed loudly, sitting back on the couch. Her second hand joined the first between her legs as she waited for time to pass. Ok, so 20 minutes..that like 2 10 minutes….or 4 five minutes, she could last 4 five minutes couldn't she? It was the sort of flawed logic that had gotten her through boring lessons at school, but this time it was her own body she was fighting. Trying to stay dry rather than not fall asleep in class. Another pulse from her bladder caused her to double over on the sofa, her legs now still for the first time in almost 30 minutes. There she stayed, the bent posture and hands forced into her crotch seemingly helping to subside the never ending pulses for some reason.

Just 3 five minutes to go, that wasn’t much time at all! From her bent posture she was almost worried that moving would undo all her hard work, maybe she would have to stay like this until the timer was up and then rush in. At 2 five minutes to go she felt another more substantial spasm tore through her body. “Oh…Fu*k” she whispered into her knees. “Ok that’s it, that things got to have an emergency release button.” Standing slowly, putting one hand on the arm rest and pulling herself up she walked hunched to the bathroom door. The metal timed lock displaying a big number 7, that’s all she had to wait.

Another pulse drew an anguished grunt from Claudia who stood with her legs pressed tightly together. Desperately she searched the device for a little button, anything marked release but to her dismay there wasn’t one. Maybe it was a key combination, or does she just need to hold the ok button for 10 seconds, there had to be something! She was seconds from her pee pouring out onto her carpeted floor and making a hell of a mess that she wasn’t prepared to deal with. Putting her hand up to the keypad to try messing with it a voice in the back of her head told her not too, what if she made it worse. She wasn’t sure how much worse it could get, but what if she locked the door forever, she would never be able to pee at home again!

Another pulse, this time it was too much for her tired muscles and a small dribble escaped. Claudia’s legs crossed tightly at lightning speed, crushing her other hand between them painfully. 3 minutes was now displayed on the lock, but she couldn’t hold on that long, the end was near and she knew it. Another spurt of pee escaped her grasp leaving a wet feeling on her hand, she was wetting herself and needed to do something now. Looking up she spotted her Kitchen, at least that was tiled floor. One hand still crushed between her thighs she waddled her way over to the cold tiled kitchen. A third spurt escaped into her clothing, the final moments of control She grunted in effort of stopping the pee that was starting to escape her over burdened bladder, but her muscles just didn’t have the strength too.

A river of pee started to flow out of her “Sh*t”. Without quite realising what she was doing she grabbed a container off the draining board and dropped into a squat over it, peeing forcefully through her black sweatpants. She sighed in relief as her bladder finally relaxed, “Oh….what…..of course…” only now realising that she was peeing into a cooking pot, “of course this is how I spend my weekends”, cursing herself for not using the bin or something else. Still she peed, the sound of pouring water filling a saucepan filled the house as her bladder emptied. Claudia's pee tapered off after 40 seconds and she lifted the pot up, it had to have been almost half full. A loud beeping noise followed by a clunk told her that the lock had finally opened, just 2 minutes too late for her sweatpants. Thankfully the black colour hid her shame, but she had some work to do if she wanted to make it 3 hours next time.

1 week to go

Claudia sighed, putting the now empty bottle of coke on the counter in front of her. It had been an hour since she had started today's test, but her weeks of training meant that she barely felt anything at the moment. Despite being 3 bottles down she was feeling fine and about to head out for a run in the mountains. While she enjoyed her job, it was still quite stressful and keeping active helped her unwind. She had tried signing up for the local gym but people soon recognised her, taking photos of her and sharing them online for the trolls to comment on.

She had then bought a treadmill after a few weeks of people ogling her athletic body online, but there was only so much you could run on the spot before you go crazy from not actually going anywhere. Grabbing her keys and a couple of bottles of water she walked towards her car. Feeling the slightest of rain drops on her face she contemplated going back to grab her coat, but she really didn’t want to have to run with it on. Her curvy athletic figure did nothing to stop the chaffing.

Driving out of the city edge she continued to sip her water, making sure she was hydrated for the run. More times than she would like to admit she would get halfway up and cramp would set in, a clear sign she should drink more before attempting it. 10 minutes later Claudia arrived at the mountain park, looking up as she got out of her car she could still see the grey clouds above, but it hadn’t started raining yet luckily. Doing some pre-run stretches, she was now aware of the faintest need to pee coming from her bladder. Putting it out of her mind, she pulled her shoe laces tight and set off at a steady pace.

From experience this trial typically took her just over an hour and a half to complete, its why she had picked it for today. By her estimates that meant it would be about 3 hours since she started drinking when she made it home. By now she was up to almost 4 hours of holding, feeling far stronger and confident in her bladder muscles since her training had begun. Despite this she didn't want to push it too much, she could last 3 hours easily but she guessed that by the time she got home she would be desperate but in control enough to make it to the safety of her own home before exhibiting too many signs in a public place.

Charging up the hill, she could feel the stress of the city ebb away. The cold air rushing into her face as she controlled her breathing expertly, each stride purposeful and powerfully propelling her way up. Her eyes constantly scanned the uneven surface, planning her footfalls subconsciously while avoiding each stone and hazard as she ran towards them. Claudia felt one with nature, like a running machine that was making its way through the ragged terrain. This is what she was missing so much on her treadmill, the smells, the sounds, the adrenaline.

Soon she had reached the halfway mark, a small green picnic shelter that was a good marker for her. It marked a stopping point where she could take a breather and give her muscles a little downtime before the decent. Her legs burned as she walked on the spot, uphill running required so much more than the street running she did most days. Taking a couple of small pouches of out her pocket she tore the ends off and drank the blueish liquid within them. Hydration pods were so much easier to carry than a water bottle, Placing a hand on her bladder she could defiantly feel it becoming fuller as each step in the last 5 minutes had caused it to slosh around.

It wasn’t anything painful at the moment, but when you are so in tune with your body while running you start to feel everything. It was close to two hours since she had started drinking, about halftime she thought to herself. Although, whether it was the extra water she had drunk this morning in anticipation of sweating it out, or the exertion, Claudia defiantly felt more uncomfortable that she did usually by this point. Performing a couple more stretches to re warm her muscles, she decided to set off. Just in case the voice in her mind and bladder was right.

Going downhill was much easier for her legs, although the concentration required was much more. Her speed was quicker and her footfall was usually heavier, so any wrong step and she would ….”Shhhhhi!”. Claudia had felt the rock move beneath her foot just as she applied all her wait to it. Stumbling she fell face first into a thicket of gorse, thankfully putting her hand up to protect her face. Bouncing off the large bush she landed with a thud back on the path, it had slowed the impact but it hurt all the same.

Still dazed, she checked herself for cuts and bruises, a few minor abrasions on her hand seemed to be all the damage. But as she stood, her ankle throbbed painfully. “Please don’t be broken” she said to herself. Testing its range of movement and looking at its bruising was painful, but showed her it thankfully wasn’t broken. Just a sprain, although putting any weight on it was still painful. A rumble of thunder filled the skies overhead as she felt the air pressure shift. “Just great!” she shouted out loud, frustrated with herself and the weather. It would be a long walk back.

30 minutes later and things were going from bad to worse, Claudia's ankle was no longer the only thing throbbing as her rapidly filling bladder joined in the bodily protests assaulting her. She was starting to get use to the pain In her ankle now and had returned to an almost normal stride, but it was still to bad to run. The extra time it would take her to walk back down the hill was starting to be a problem as her bladder swelled. Part of Claudia was thinking she should just pop a squat where she was, but she had sadly left all cover 10 minutes behind her.

Now she was slowly walking through an open field, the silhouettes of other runners, hikers and a couple of nearby dog walkers meant that squatting just wasn’t an option. However, they were still far enough away that she could openly hold herself through her leggings. A couple of months ago, this level of feeling would have seen her running for the bathroom thinking she was about to wet herself. But her training and the contest had shown her new stages of desperation and just how far her body could still go. With that said, she knew she was nearing her limit.

Claudia was trudging now, the pain her ankle now out-competed by that of her overfilled bladder, each step sloshing its contents and threatening to spill them all over herself. Even the extra support of her hands did nothing to help with the desperation she was feeling. Misplacing her footing again she managed to catch herself before she fell, but the shock forced her defences to weaken and she felt herself pee just the tiniest bit. She hunched over trying to contain the flood within her, why hadn’t she just stuck with the gym, they at least have toilets. Her bladder pulsed again, desperate to empty itself right now.

Clenching her muscles as tightly as possible, Claudia couldn’t move, she was stuck where she stood. If she moved, she knew it would spell the end for her bloated bladder. But what else could she do, stay here forever? Taking a deep breath she forced her legs to move, squeezing her thighs as tightly as possible together. One step, two steps, three steps and then another dribble of wetness escaped her grasp. She was asking just too much of her exhausted bladder and body. The wetness on her hands told her she had let more out than she wanted to admit, and was seriously about to loose it all right here in her pants if she didn’t do something. No one could see her right, she could do it right here?

The sounds of rapid footsteps behind her answered the question for her, no she couldn’t. A few seconds later a runner came down the trail, stopping next to her.

“Hey are you ok?”, Dam it, why did it have to be a cute guy! Why not a middle aged woman or better yet no one.

“Yeah im good, just got a bit of cramp in my leg”. It most defiantly was her leg she was holding onto though, he didn’t seem to buy it.

“Ok, well …stay hydrated, it helps” he shouted as he jogged away.

“Not with my current problem” Claudia muttered quietly to herself.

She couldn’t believe this was happening to her, the meticulous plan had gone so far out the window it wasn’t even funny anymore. She was in serious danger of pissing herself right here, right now.

A taunting crash of thunder rolled through the clouds above her as she felt the first few drops of water land on her face. The sensation did nothing to lessen her desperate need to pee which was not helped when a few moments later a deluge of water poured from the sky. She was suddenly drenched, standing with her legs tightly pressed together as the heavens opened. It took mere moments for her to be wet from head to toe, the thin fabric sticking to her body even tighter than before.

“Oh…….”she hissed between her teeth, “well that’s just great”. Her body had rebelled, the sight and sound of the rain all around her too much for her strained bladder to take as it began forcefully emptying itself where she stood. The warmth spreading down her leggings as they became saturated in her own waters. Besides the sound of the gentle patter of rain hitting the ground, a single thundering stream hissed loudly through her pants and onto the ground. The sheer weight of the stream making it easily discernible above the background noise of the rain. Claudia sighed in relief, the pain and discomfort subsiding as her bladder emptied itself involuntarily onto the ground. The only blessing she had, no one would notice her wet clothes as she walked back covered in her own pee.

1 day to go

The anticipation of the rematch was really starting to get to Claudia, which was weird because she didn’t get this nervous the first time around. Maybe it was because she thought she stood a real chance of winning this time around, with Olivia and Alex getting the majority of the drugs that meant she was technically the rightful winner? Checking her alarm clock on the bedside table it was 4.10am. She had work this morning so she would have to get up shortly anyway. Grumbling to herself she pushed her bed covers off and stood up, stretching out the muscles in her back as she slowly walked to the bathroom. Sitting she let the nights worth of pee out of her body and turned the shower on. The warm water against her face waking her up slightly as she started her morning routine.

15 minutes later she stepped out of the shower and got dressed, a tight red mini-skirt and smart black top were today's outfit, paired with some smart stockings and matching red underwear. She hated how much of her job relied on her good looks, she was a graduate meteorologist with a masters degree, not just some window or in this case screen dressing. But that appeared to be all the industry cared about.

Her Phone buzzed on the bedside table, alerting her to the fact she should only now be getting up. Pouring herself a strong coffee she heard it ping loudly from the bedroom. It was an email from George

“Hey Claudia, not sure why but Sam is asking to see you this morning before you go on.”

Great…she thought to herself. Sam was the station manager and going to see him was never a good thing. He was the cliché of a scummy business man, pinching every penny to make as much money as he could. Although she had to admit, since he had started a little of a year ago he had really brought the station up in the national rankings.

Sipping her coffee she went through the morning’s atmospheric data on her laptop while the early morning news played in the background. They would go through this when she got to the station, but she liked to know about them before turning up. Plus, to her it was always the best part of the day where she actually got to use her training instead of just being a parrot repeating the same thing every 30 minutes.

The drive in was always quiet, no one was on the roads this early and it made city driving so much easier. In a couple of hours these streets would be jammed pack full of 9 till 5 commuters. Signing in at the front desk she grabbed the morning report from her team and had a quick overview of it. Everything was just as she had noticed herself, at least her team were on the ball too.

Putting the report on her desk she figured she had put off her meeting with Sam long enough. Finding her way to his office she knocked the door, crossing her fingers he didn’t answer

“Come in”

Dam it

“Oh Hi Claudia, please take a seat”

That wasn’t a good sign, she was hoping this was going to be quick.

“Thank you Sam, George said you were looking for me?”

“Yes I am, so you know that we are looking for new ways to generate viewership for the channel.”

“Yes…..How can I help”

“Well, we’ve been looking at the numbers and we think like the other morning shows, a little contest could help increase audience retention”

“Ah ok, so sort of like phone in to answer a question to win a holiday style thing?”

“Well….Not exactly” inside Claudia rolled her eyes. What was this going to be, a pillow fight contest, bikini car wash, or some other deprived male fantasy?

“So….its not just our numbers we have been looking at. We think that ITV is making some big strides in this field”

It was true, their good morning show had been hitting record highs.

“So we are stealing an idea from them, and we think you would be best suited to do it…..in fact you have already done it”

Wait what, was he saying what she thought he was saying.

“It’s a simple contest and one that im sure you can win, each Friday we will challenge a random audience member to compete against you to…..well….hold their bladder”

“Im sorry, what?”

“I mean come on, you have done it once, why is this any different. You will get paid for it if you win, we don’t know exactly how much we will have to look at the numbers when they come back after the first contest”

“Hold on. You want me to hold my pee once a week on live TV against a member of our audience? And if they win they get what?”

“Well to fit the theme, they get a lorry load of Chuck’s lemonade. You know the local company down the road? We have worked out a deal with them as a sort of cross promotion. Look we even have hats” He pulled a bright yellow hat out from his desk, a crude picture of a person was on it with the weather symbol for heavy rain where the bladder would be. “Isn’t it great, marketing team did a great job on it”

“Uh…yeah its great. So just to confirm that I understand this, all I have to do is not pee on air, once a week?”

“Yeah, well there are a few added challenges." Here it was again, the yes... but no of a businessman.

"So you and the randomly selected person will be drinking a can Chuck’s lemonade once every half an hour. We will have a little cam on you and your opponent at all times, but only put it on screen when you drink and to ask how you are doing. So you wont have to do much more work than you do now, and if the viewership goes up a lot you could make a lot of extra money from this.”

“How much more?” this could make up for not being on a mainstream channel.

“Well, we would have to look at the numbers, but possibly 10% more a month”

“If you make it 20 I am in, after all its my body that does the work every week”

“that might be a little high, how about 15%?”

“18” she was pushing her luck here, but the fact that he had budged at all meant he knew she was right.

“17.5% and that’s as high as I would be able to go, plus only in weeks you win”

“Deal” her bladder was well trained and could easily beat the average persons.

“So when is the first one?”

“Well, that’s why I called you in early, its today. There is a lady coming in, she won a contest of a facebook group or something”

“What…its today?, but I haven’t had any time to prepare”

“Yes, im sorry it developed quite quickly and original plans had two audience members competing against each other, but that would have meant that someone won every week”

“Why is that bad, I thought we were sponsored by the lemonade company?”

“Well….we are but it’s a limited offer. They can’t give away a truck load every week. So they have given us one for free, but if you don’t win more than that one time we will be on the line to pay for it. So I know I don’t need to say it but, we need you to win! We can’t be paying out every week for these prizes. We just don’t have the funds. So if you lose too much, certain cutbacks would have to be made”

Claudia didn’t like the sound of that .“Wait, am I going to get fired if I don’t win?”

“No ,No ,No, your fine but……if we start paying out a lot in prizes, then there might be a few cutbacks here and there. So while your fine, your our star after all, some others might not be so lucky.”

“Ok….I’ll do my best”

“Thank you, now you should probably get ready, it starts in about 40 minutes.”

Closing the door behind her, Claudia’s head was in a slight daze as she tried to comprehend what had just happened. Her bladder was now responsible for the jobs of people at the station, how had that happened? Was she really that greedy to get the extra money that she was willing to risk peoples jobs? No, it was him, he had set this whole thing up without her knowing and now she was feeling bad about it, while he didn’t seem to care about it at all. No, she was going to take him for every penny, her bladder could do this and no one would lose their job because of it.

“So the time is 6.30am and its our first look at the weather, and I understand that we have a special competition and guest with us this morning Claudia.”

The light in front of Claudia turned red, telling her she was now live.

“Hi, thanks James. Yes we do. Here with me I have the lovely Barbara and she is part of the new contest we are running here as sponsored by Chuck’s Lemonade. Why don’t you say hi to the folks at home?”

The camera panned slightly to the left, revealing a beautiful blonde woman. She was much taller than Claudia, at least 6’2” but equally as athletic. The tight black leggings she was wearing clearly showing her impressive leg muscles, although her torso seemed much more lean and slim. A grey crop top of some band Claudia didn’t recognise was just about covered her ample breasts, something she was worried would have caused some concern to the crew. If she had shown up wearing that they would have demand she changed, they wanted alluring not a sexual exposure scandal. Despite this, the tall blonde had been allowed to wear her almost revealing attire, although Claudia was pleased to at least see the straps of a bra that would limit any exposure. Although if they were after more attention, this seemed like the way to get it.

“Hi guys” Barbara called to the camera.

“So what challenge have you guys got set up for you throughout our show today” the off screen host asked.

“Well James, in light of our sponsor me and Barbara here will be competing in a battle of the bladders”

An art graphic showing a pair of anthropomorphise'd bladders appeared on the screen. One with blonde hair and the other short black hair, clearly they were supposed to be the two competitors. At the moment they both sported happy faces, swigging large drinks.

“Throughout the show we will continue to drink the refreshing tastes of Chuck’s Lemonade until one of us can’t handle it anymore and goes to “refresh” ourselves”

“So, what are the rules?” James asked

“Well, each half an hour we will drink one of these cans” the camera panned again to reveal two pyramids of lemonade cans. “But what are we playing for, well if Barbara can out compete me today, she will win a truck load of this stuff, literally” A video of a large 14 wheeler lorry pops up on the screen being loaded with case after case of the lemonade.

“So, I guess there is no time like the present. Barbara, if you would like to grab a can?” The two ladies picking up the first can from the pile of many. “Cheers” Claudia said smiling at the camera, this was weird to her. She was much more used to being a reporter of facts, not a sales person or performer. The two can’s clanked together and then the two athletic women started to rapidly chug them. It look less than 20 seconds for both to be completely empty, the ladies upturning them for the camera to show they were empty. The smallest of droplets falling out of the cans, indicating they weren’t cheating the audience.

“Well, that was refreshing. I do like a nice lemonade. How are you feeling Barbara, confident you can take me on?”

“I’m feeling good thanks, im not sure I can beat you after seeing you on the weakest link but I’ll give it a good go Claudia. I know my bladder and its pretty big, so ive got my fingers crossed. I really love Lemonade, so that is the ideal prize.”

Confident words from Barbara, now then lets get back to the weather report.”

“It looks like the low pressure system that’s been here in the north will be giving way to a much higher pressure system later today. That will bring some more rain with it as the clouds move around in a south westerly direction. So we are looking at a cloudy start to the day, with a threat of rain showers later on. Average temperature of about 16 degrees Celsius.”

“Thanks Claudia, so if you are heading out don’t forget your umbrella’s”

The light in front of Claudia turned off, she could relax.

...

“Good morning, its now 27 minutes past 8 and time to catch up on the weather and see how our contestants are doing at the two hour mark."

The camera in front of the ladies turned on again, accompanied by the animated bladders that appeared now looking slightly worried. Claudia herself was stood with her legs crossed, the need to pee was defiantly a strong one, but nothing she couldn’t deal with. Thankfully the last 6 weeks of training had strengthened and prepared her for this.

“Thanks James, how are you doing Barbara, were about half way through at the moment, think you can go the distance?."

“Im doing ok thanks" the buxom blonde replied she was sitting on her heel, trying not to fidget too much, but the tell tales signs of a woman desperate to pee were starting to appear. Her face was a little flushed and she seemed to be moving her weight constantly, trying to use her heel to apply pressure to her crotch and help her hold it.

“Its not bad yet but if I were at home I would defiantly be rushing to the loo about now. But I think I can hold and give you a run for your money Claudia.”

“ I'm with you on that and looking forward to the competition” That was a blatant lie, she just wanted this to be over, as soon as possible.

“Unfortunately, its another half hour mark and another can of Chuck’s lemonade for us.” She handed another one to her competitor, cracking her own and chugging it down. She was relieved to see Barbara was taking her time with hers, hopefully a sign of how much she needed to pee. This was their 5th can of the stuff though, so maybe it was just too much of one type of drink.

A voice in her earpiece came on “Hi Claudia its George, I’ve been asked to tell you not to say unfortunately about drinking the lemonade, it might not look good for our brand deal”. Looking directly down the lens for a couple of seconds was her way of telling them she understood. As much as it would pain her to keep this up, she had to remember to be professional at all times. Walking back over to the green screen weather board she could feel the weight of the lemonade sitting in her stomach, a lot of it was yet to be processed and there would be no let-up in drinking either.

“Its 8.32am and this is your weather report. The high pressure system we have been seeing move across the county this morning is still moving South bring in……”

Over the next hour the desperation really increased for the two women, having drunk 7 cans of lemonade each and held it just over 3 hours. The viewers could easily see the bulges of their bladders growing with each passing weather report. With a little over 30 minutes to finish both Claudia and Barbara were starting to worry about wetting themselves live on television, not that it would be a first for one of them.

Claudia was now sitting with her legs tightly crossed and doing her upmost to seem professional. Even though she wasn’t on screen that much she still didn’t want to squirm too much in her workplace. But the pressure between her legs was starting to mean that wasn’t an option. She was getting desperate and could feel her muscles starting to tremble as she continued to clench them shut. Her tight red miniskirt was digging into her bladder, but thankfully since she wasn’t one to bloat much the damage was limited.

On the other hand Barbara was massively bloated, her stomach and bladder sticking out of her abdomen like she was heavily pregnant. It was shocking Claudia how bloated her opponent was, what had she drunk before this or was she having some sort of reaction to the lemonade? Her tight black leggings cutting a red line across her abdomen as they compressed her bladder. The material below stretched to the point it was almost see through, with Barbara's pink panties easily seen through the fabric in some places.

She was now sat with her legs tightly crossed and both hands pressing between her muscled thighs. Constantly shifting in her seat and rubbing her distended stomach, Barbara was groaning under the pressure of it all. Her face was going red from the effort with sweat gathering on her brow as she fought to contain herself, dark grey patches near her armpits easily viable on her top as she sweated through it. Claudia was somewhat happy to see the state she was in, as it looked like victory was within her grasp. But still, she couldn’t help but feel sorry for what the young woman was going through having been there herself just 6 weeks before.

“Are you ok Barbara, you know if its painful you can stop at any moment”

“No…...” she puffed out of her mouth, clearly determined to win “I can hold it”

“its mainly my stomach, its starting to cramp”

“Are you ok? I don’t mean to pry or anything but you look pregnant. If you having some sort of reaction we should really get you checked out”

“No its not that, I was a bit stupid this morning at the gym”

What did that mean?

“Im..sorry?” a confused Claudia asked.

“I had a big coffee and a lot to drink which probably isn’t helping even though I peed right before, and then before coming on I had a big breakfast. Trying to give myself some energy as im not used to waking up this early” she stopped for a moment, breathing heavily.

“Was it something you ate, if you are feeling unwell we can stop and maybe we can give you another go sometime?”

“No its not something I ate…..well, I suppose it is. I had some fruit, which included a couple of banana’s right before starting this. I totally forgot that they react to lemonade for some reason don’t they, there was that stupid internet challenge a few years ago wasn’t there”

Oh, it all made sense to Claudia now, the bloating and discomfort. Her stomach was bloating massively because of the sheer amount of liquid in it as well as the combination of Banana and soda. She could only imagine the turmoil going on inside Barbara’s body as she it kept expanding outwards.

“I’m sorry”

“No, its not your fault, its my own stupidity that got me into this mess. I’ll deal with it, your not off the hook yet” The sweating woman managing a meek smile.

“2 minutes” a voice in her ear told her.

Ok it’s the last can, the last drink and then 30 minutes she told herself. She could do this, pumping herself up she controlled her breathing and tried to put the desperate need to pee to the back of her mind. Claudia had a job to do and she was going to do it as well as she always did. Another twinge from her bladder muscles challenged that though as they started to beg for her to end this. Slowly standing she turned her lapel microphone on, straightened her dress shirt and crossed her legs tightly. Now stood up the true weight of her bladder was pressing down on her muscles, it really didn’t help her situation. Sweat was starting to form on her hands and back, the effort of holding her pee making her feel warm and clammy.

The red light blinked on the camera, before turning a solid red colour.

“isn’t that right Claudia”

Oh crap…she wasn’t paying any attention to what James was saying. She just had to run with it.

“yes it is James” she said with a little bit of fake laughter. It seemed to be a good cover, probably some joke or comment about their contest maybe? No one in the room looked at her weirdly so that must have done the trick.

“So we are at the final stop here, with just one more can of delicious Chuck’s lemonade left each, we are on the home stretch. Which is good news for me, because while I love drinking it in, it does seem to rather want to come out if you get what I mean.” Was that too far? the lack of a voice in her ear probably meant it was fine.

Walking over to Barbara it seemed almost cruel to make her drink more, she could see the pain etched on her opponents face as her eyes seemed to plead with her not to hand her another can.

“How are you doing Barbara?” She already knew the answer but it was her job to ask.

“Im really struggling now, I need to pee so badly and its starting to hurt. But I am going to do my best to keep going”.

“Well you are doing really well to make it this far. So here is your last drink for the morning.”

Claudia could almost see the tears forming in the young woman's eyes as a shaky hand reached up and grabbed the can. Both ladies popped their cans and slowly drank their contents. The bladders on the screen were now almost trembling, crossing their legs and with worried looks on their faces, if only they knew the truth. Drinking the cold liquid was painful for both of them as their bodies sent signal after signal for them to stop putting yet more liquid inside of it. Still they drank, their slender necks swallowing the lemonade, why anyone would want a truck load of the stuff after this was beyond either woman at this point. After almost 60 seconds both had finished and now they just needed to hold it.

...

Her last weather report was by far the worst Claudia had ever given. That last drink was really having an impact on her brain as she fought to read the teleprompter and pronounce things correctly. She hurried through it, needing to sit down quickly as standing was really not helping her. Halfway through she had to pause and bend at the waist as a painful spasm caught her off guard. Apologising for the pause she carried on, but discussing high pressure systems and rain clouds was not exactly what she needed right now.

As soon as the segment was over she rushed back to her seat, sitting down and crossing her legs tightly as she preyed that the spasms would stop and her bladder would calm itself. Unfortunately that didn’t happen as she continued to fight bladder spasms for the next 15 minutes. Her skirt was still pressing on her, but most of the discomfort was coming from below as she tried to sure up her tiring muscles with the help of both her hands. She wasn’t too worried about people seeing her desperately holding herself now, they all knew what was happening and she would like to see any of them try and hold this much.

Beside her Barbara wasn’t doing well either, her face was now bright red with effort and too Claudia’s shock her abdomen had continued to swell further and further out of her slim body. Claudia could see the frayed edges of the nylon waist band of Barbara's leggings as they started to separate under the pressure from her bladder that continued to fill. She was now huddling herself over her bloated body, both hands pressing deeply into her crotch as she moaned and whimpered in pain. Her discomfort had skyrocketed over the last 10 minutes or so, her body finally nearing its absolute limit of containment. The blonde woman's breathing had become deep and laboured,, almost wheezing in effort as her body demanded she let it relax. Still she fought on.

Next to her Claudia couldn’t take her eyes off the athletic beauty so racked in desperation as sweat dripped off her. Claudia's own muscles were starting to falter and her bladder felt as if it was on fire, she was desperately waiting for Barbara to fail. She needed this, it was the first week she couldn’t fail now! peoples jobs depended on her. Despite that, a powerful spasm rocked her body and she felt the first leak escape into her red cotton underwear. Inhaling suddenly, she stopped the flow by clenching every muscles at her disposal. Crap, she thought to herself, she was putting on a strong face but she was nearing her physical limit too.

Her bladder cramps were getting worse, something she attributed to the stress of doing her job and holding her pee so long. She had held more than this over the last few weeks, but the constant drinking and longer time she was enduring now were having an impact on her. It also didn’t help that this stuff seemed to go right through her. Another spasm and another squirt of warm liquid made its way past her muscles. Wide eyed she shut the flow off again, no one seemed to notice what was going on. Closing her eyes she tried to calm her tiring body that was starting to panic, she was so close to an accident now. But for now she had regained control, her lapses were minor for now.

“OOOOAAAHHHHHHH” a loud painful moan filled the room, as the curled ball that was Barbara started to quiver, Claudia could see goose pimples forming on her exposed arms.

“ooooo, oohhhh” Barbara was constantly moaning now, rocking back and forth with her eyes clenched shut. Her body convulsed once more as it fought the onslaught of liquid battering against her bladder before it exploded violently. Pee hissed loudly past her underwear and black leggings, pooling on the chair for a few seconds before the volume made it spill out onto the ground. The sweaty mess of a woman clutching her bloated bladder with both hands as it finally emptied itself. Moaning in relief rather than pain, the ocean of pee quickly left her, spreading in all directions along the carpeted floor as the astonishingly loud hissing continued.

The young blonde woman had done her best but her body had finally rejected her demands to hold its bladder shut and was now violently emptying itself. The camera in front of them showing the bright red light indicating that her accident was now going live to each and every viewer of the show. They were now watching the images of the athletic blonde woman peeing inside the TV studio. Her clothes were drenched with pee as it now flowed off the front and back of the chair to join the enormous puddle under hers and Claudia’s chairs.

Witnessing the noisy and sweaty end of Barbara was both agonising and amazing for Claudia. She had won and was now free to pee at any moment, but the sound smell and sight of the accident was almost too much for her. She clenched her muscles, desperate to hold on, but as Barbara's noisy accident passed the 30 second mark she couldn't take it any more.

She new it was un lady like but instead of waiting for Barbara to finish peeing and console her, she stood up and ran for the ladies room. It was her only chance to save her clothes and her dignity.

She almost hurdled the coil of broadcast wire between her seat and the corridor to the ladies. Each step punishing her bladder as it shook around within her. It almost felt as if the sheer weight of her pee had altered her centre of gravity as she scuttled along the building. Reaching the door she grabbed the handle and pulled. To her horror, the door didn't budge, it was locked! Claudia felt another spurt of pee leave her tried body as her muscles started to falter and she knew this would be the last time.

To her relief, as her muscles quivered, the door to her salvation opened as one of the newsroom team walked out.

"Oh, sorry Claudia"

She didn't respond or even notice who it was that had just left.

Locking the door behind her she threw herself onto the toilet, pee bursting out of her instantaneously. It thundered into the toilet, noisly hitting the water bellow it.

"Oh...geeze....oh god that was close.." she panted to herself

"Um Claudia, your microphone is still on"

Sh*t she thought to herself as she blushed bright red, grabbing the mic pack and tearing the batteries out rather than taking the extra time to turn it off.

As the batteries scattered across the bathroom floor, she could finally relax again, her pee seemed never ending as it poured out of her tired and abused body.

She had won! now she just needed to win tomorrow

.....

After her ordeal during the day for the first time in a few days Claudia had slept soundly. She awoke feeling a strong need to pee, rushing to the bathroom she sat and relieved herself. She was surprised when it was only a 20 second pee, something she would have considered normal 2 months ago was now a slight cause for concern.

Selecting the same tight but stretchy leggings she had worn during her running accident and a nice green frock she got ready. Limiting her fluid intake and making sure to stay away from the Banana's during breakfast she readied herself for the drive. Despite being a Saturday there was a bit more traffic on the roads than she expected. Thankfully she had left plenty of time to get there early.

Arriving at the station slightly later than planned, Claudia saw she the last to get there.

The other contestants seemed to be confident although an air of nervousness was still present.

As they were ushered onto the stage, she took a deep breath and rallied her confidence.

Yesterday was the practice, today was the main event!

...

Hey guys like usual thank you all for reading!

I really hope you enjoy these stories from Claudia's training. The first two were perhaps not the most exciting but hopefully they still added to her character.

Next up is Olivia, who going off what I've written so far might be split into two parts. I may have gotten carried away with her story haha.

*042*2020-02-06 22:32

So as I mentioned in the last part, I got a bit carried away with Olivia's part so im splitting into two chapters.

Its also a bit more "adult" than some of the other parts so as a Warning , this chapter does include scenes of a sexual nature. In other words this is 100% adulterated filth….enjoy.

...

Chapter 12 : Breaking the camel’s back. (Olivia, part 1)

The game show had woken something inside of Olivia, a deep desire and lust for a full bladder. There was nothing like it for her, the pleasure that it caused physically and the drive to hold more even when fit to bursting. While she was disappointed not to have won, it was quickly forgotten as she started to experiment with this new found feeling. Even before the rematch was announced she was planning on filling her bladder regularly and now she had a reason to train things were going to get serious. She was going to have the biggest bladder of anyone there, if she didn't already.

6 weeks to go until the rematch.

Olivia grabbed her third tall glass of water of the morning and got ready for the day ahead. Picking out a tight pair of black suit pants and a nice pressed white shirt she continued sipping, unconsciously rubbing her empty bladder. walking over to her computer she opened her calendar, sighing at the sight of it. Today was a busy day at the law firm she worked at, meetings from 9 till 1 and then a business function from 1 till 4 with one of the new clients. Some sporting brand clothing that was being sued by an artist for stealing his work. As usual Olivia and her boss were taking them out to a local bar in an attempt to butter them up a bit so they wouldn’t go somewhere else. Going off the claims she wasn’t sure how easy it was going to be to win and that meant one thing, lengthy lawsuits and lots of money for the firm.

Buttoning up her tight pants she added a smart black belt and downed the rest of the water. Patting her bladder she had no plans of undoing that belt anytime soon. Grabbing a bottle of water for the journey she made her way down to the underground parking and set off. It usually took about an hour to make it to work taking into account the extra morning traffic. Even as she arrived the need to pee hadn’t hit her, walking in she grabbed a large mug of coffee from the staff room and set about prepping for the first of many meetings.

“Hey Tara, is that the Lowe’s files?”

“Morning Olivia, yes that should be everything. Notes on the lawsuit, background on the case, judge, claimant and that previous case you asked me to copy yesterday”

“Amazing, thank you very much”

Tara was the perfect employee for Olivia, not to talkative and knew how to do her job. She was smart efficient and strikingly beautiful, which in this line of work was a good way of distracting many men and even the occasional woman during meetings. A leggy brunette with medium sized breasts and a symmetrical but strong jawed face, she could see the appeal even If she didn’t consider herself on that side of things. It was always fun to play with some of the less experienced men that came at them, many were not at all prepared to be grilled by two beautiful ladies so together they made quite the team.

Placing the copies around the glass meeting table and making sure the presentation was ready, Olivia prepared the statements her boss had asked her to make. This was a fairly easy case, a taxi driver had hit her defendant as he cycled to work causing him some nasty injuries. Although the extent of the injuries was far less than they implied, she was sure there would be a nice settlement before reaching court. A knock on the glass door made her turn around, it was Tara with the offending taxi man, time to get to it.

She had been right, the case was all but sorted after the initial presentation showing how screwed he was going to be. They had camera footage of him pulling out onto the pedestrianised road without indicating. She had laid the threat of a jail sentence and losing his licence on a bit thick, as he started to panic. But it was all part of the plan. Men like him would always look for a way out and having such a kind and friendly woman like Olivia offer a solution meant they almost always took it. It was all an act, one that she had perfected over many years at this place which was why her bosses now trusted her to do this sort of work. It proved much more effective than being threatened by a man in a suit who then offered you a magic pill to get out of it, all too often it made clients aware they were being screwed in one way or the other.

Doing it like this she got her client more than 3 times the compensation while the driver got to avoid jail and didn’t even loose his licence. It didn’t always sit well with her that things like that happened, he was still a danger to road users, but he would hopefully learn from this and not end up back here or worse. Going off the previous almost identical case Tara had given her before the meeting, she unfortunately guessed the latter. But at the end of the day it was up to the client whether to press legal charges or not after being offered the money, she was just the intermediary.

“Well, thank you my Lowe, I thank you for your co-operation, my assistant Tara will show you out” Olivia said gesturing to her assistant that had almost by magic appeared at the door. We’ve defiantly worked too long together she laughed to herself.

Walking over to the coffee machine she poured herself a second coffee and checked her calendar again on her phone. The next meeting wasn’t too bad either, a preliminary meeting for another case. For this she just needed to take notes and then turn in a report to her bosses so they could make the final decision. As she watched her coffee slowly drip into her cup she was starting to feel the faintest of sensations from within her bladder. It wasn't her intention to get desperate at work, after all it would be a bit unprofessional, but sometimes she couldn't help wanting to have that desperate feeling again. Walking down the hall she headed for the smaller meeting room near the front of the building. Noticing Tara walking back towards her she waved her down

“Hey, sorry I’ve got to get to room 2B, any chance you could bring over a couple of pitchers of water for the meeting. You can sit into if you want, nothing to major though if you have something else to do” Sometimes with these first meetings the clients would be nervous or emotional and something to drink was always a good idea to have on hand.

“Yeah sure, I’ll bring it over now”

Walking into the room the client was already there, a young woman biting her nails nervously.

“Hi, Im Olivia, how are you doing today?”

The meeting wasn’t quite as straight forward as she had hoped, it appeared that the woman's ex had taken the dong when they broke up. Unfortunately for her all of the Vet forms were in his name too, but she did have the original receipt for the dog which was under her name. Olivia wasnt sure who would bother to pay £2,000 for a dog when there were shelters full of them, but it was evidence of her ownership at least. Plus the price tag meant that she could threaten the ex with legal charges of grand theft since the dogs “value” was over £1,500. Hopefully that meant they could win this without going to court, but with things like pets and children they were never simple things to solve.

Tara had come in with the drinks shortly after the meeting had started and, after seeing the young woman out they came back into the room. Tara was pouring two glasses of water when Olivia returned, they had already had a couple through the meeting but Olivia wasn’t even slightly worried by this point.

“So, do you think you’ll be recommending Max to take this one?” Tara asked

“Well….she does seem to have evidence of ownership”

“But the fact that the dog was registered under his name raises a couple of questions”

“Yeah its weird” was all Olivia could think to reply “But weird is winnable, either way I still have to write the report but I think I’ll let Max figure this one out”

Tara burst out laughing. “I feel like Weird Is winnable should be the company slogan. Anyway we should probably get ready for the Shumer merger that we have in like 10 minutes”

“Yeah that’s a good idea, did you print out everything I asked for?”

“Yes I did it this morning, its all at your desk”

“Oh yeah I have a desk” Olivia joked. “Might have to ask you to remind me where it is” she smiled to herself as she walked away.

10 minutes later the pair of beautiful brunettes were sitting pretty in the board room, another cup of coffee in their hands. Their boss Max was there for this one, but he was all to aware of the type of person the Shumer representative was. He was defiantly one of the old world of businessmen, the type easily distracted by expensive cars, mysterious white powders and low cut tops. While neither of the ladies were flaunting themselves, having two smart and beautiful colleagues in there to back him up was always a good idea.

The next two hours dragged on and on for both Olivia and Tara, with little to do but drink water and flap their eyelashes Olivia had soon found her need to pee quickly building as the glass after glass of water made its way through her. Closing her legs tightly and starting to clench her muscles she knew she could still last a long while longer. However near the end of the meeting, she had started to notice Tara becoming increasingly fidgety. Crossing her legs tightly and leaning forwards slightly, tell tale signs that she was desperate for the bathroom. Thankfully for Tara, Max seemed to be bringing the meeting to its conclusion.

Standing to show him out and to finally end the boring meeting Max continued. “Well, I think we should put another meeting on the books soon Mr Schumer, I’m sure Tara wont mind helping set a date for you?”

“Uh…Yes, of corse….would you mind following me to reception and we can work something out” Standing slower than normal, a slightly flustered looking Tara lead the client out of the room. Olivia couldn't help but wonder how desperate her beautiful assistant was. Had she had her morning pee, how big was her bladder she wondered, Tara had drunk quite a lot in the last couple of meetings.

“Olivia, do you have 10 minutes to go through the client info with me before our lunch meeting with NileSports. I just want to make sure we are all on the same page”

“Yeah sure, do you want me to grab the portfolio?”

“Actually yeah that would be great, ill go grab a coffee while you’re at it.”

Going to her desk for the second time in a day which almost had to be a record, she noticed a rather speedy Tara rushing past in the direction of the Ladies room. However big her bladder, it was clearly full. Putting a hand on her own bloated bladder Olivia could defiantly feel a need to pee, unsurprising given the quantity of liquids she had consumed. Maybe Should she pee now too? what if she couldn't hold through the meeting later. Checking her phone it was now 12:20, only five hours since her last pee, she could hold it longer.

More than that she wanted to hold it longer, the deep seated need to test her bladder only just coming in first above her professionalism. Grabbing the portfolio and her empty cup she made her way to the staff kitchen. As she stood there making another coffee she was slightly annoyed by the fact she had thought about peeing in the middle of the day like that. Unsure of what had come over her, was her confidence really that low that she would pee at work? She didn’t even do that when she wasn’t training her bladder. She needed to prove herself stronger than that, opening phone she set an alarm for 7.30pm, that was going to be her time to pee and not a second before.

“Hey sorry Olivia” It was max, walking up to her with a rather relieved looking Tara behind him.

“The clients called and were hoping to meet a little earlier if that’s ok, we can go through the portfolio in the car”

“Yeah no problem, i'll just grab my coat and join you”

Looking down at her fresh coffee she had to options, down it or leave it. As if sensing her annoyance having just made a coffee max chimed in “Don’t worry about that, ill grab you a new one when we get there.” Despite the offer Olivia had made her decision and she put the cup to her lips and chugged the coffee in one. “Don’t like wasting good coffee”.

36 minutes later the trio of well prepared schmoozers arrived at the Dandy Lion bar and got to work. First handshakes and introductions, followed by a round of drinks that were meticulously researched beforehand. If you can convince a client that you have something in common right away then that’s your work already half done. A few questions and some under the table money to interns at NileSports made it possible to “accidentally” order the clients favourite drink for your self, in doing so starting a conversation about it. Oak barrel aged whisky and not a name brand was the order today and it worked like a charm. 20 minutes in and all they had talked about was Whisky, perfect.

Stage 2 was a little trickier, it required more panache to determine the true motives of the claimant and figure out how far they were willing to go. Today was easy, the arrogant rich boy sitting in front of them was an open book to read. For him this wasn’t about the money it was about his image. He was 100% prideful about his design and that it wasn’t stolen, a fact that meant when it came to their lawsuit, money was no problem. A few basic explanations about how it might be hard to prove either way combined with some comments on the experience of the other plaintiff lawyers sowed the seeds of the lengthy plan they had. All three of them knew it wouldn't be either for either side to win, but for them this was good. Their company had the money to out wait the artist and his team. All the while Olivia, Tara and Max would be taking home their health pay cheques as sponsored by the guy currently sitting in front of them.

Stage 4. This was where the schmoozing hit its peak, the lawyer speak ended and it just became about giving the client a great time to remember. It stops them thinking of the law firm as just a big nameless building and for some reason creates a form of loyalty from the client. They know you have their back, after tonight your almost friends with them. In reality it was just pretend, but rich men that are being bought drinks by men with similar tastes while beautiful women smile and laugh at their jokes never look to closely. Its why no one besides Olivia herself had noticed her foot tapping and leg crossing.

Olivia was getting desperate now, the need to pee seemed to have amplified greatly with the addition of the strong dark alcohol. Her body was now pumping out water, trying to get rid of the contaminants she had just put into it. The belt thankfully helped to contain her bulging bladder, but only added to the tension she was feeling between her legs. Beside her she could also see Tara’s legs starting to fidget slightly, although nothing compared to the meeting earlier. How close had she come to wetting herself she thought, glancing at the beautiful women next to her. Tara’s thighs were tensing in her stockings, easy to see underneath her short black skirt. A raised eyebrow from Tara made Olivia realise that she had basically been staring at the rhythmically tensing muscles far too long, shaking her head she tried to play it off as just zoning out completely.

“So, I fancy doing something a bit more physical” Wait...what was he saying?

“Which one of you lovely ladies would like to play a little game?” nodding his head towards the corner of the room both Tara and Olivia were relieved to see a set of pub games, ice hockey, pool and Foosball.

That sort of physical they could do.

“Well, it would be unfair for one of us to get to choose to…play with you….so how about we flip a coin” This was why Tara was great, sexy and confident enough to pull off this sort of thing.

“Heads, looks like you will be playing Olivia but im sure we can have a little fun after that” she said raising an eyebrow suggestively. “Im more of a pool lady anyway, something about big sticks I guess”

“Okay…ladies I trust you to look after our new client here” Max chimed up before things got too provocative. Tara was a little worried she had gone too far, the alcohol was defiantly playing a part in all of this. Luckily this rich boy wasn’t her type even if she got drunk. Although it was defiantly making her loose her inhibitions and raising her confidence levels. “You two behave yourselves….but the tab is open and don’t worry about coming back to work this afternoon. That said don’t come in with a hangover tomorrow” he emphasised with a point of his figure at the two women. Luckily they knew he was joking, for the most part anyway.

“Well, im just going to pop to the ladies if you want to join, or are you ok here?” Tara asked

“I’m ok, think im going to play with our client here” Olivia said, making fun of Tara’s earlier comment.

Standing both ladies had to pause for a couple of seconds, a slight distorted spin seemed to be happening around them for a few seconds. Blinking to get rid of alcohol induced trip Olivia walked over to the ice hockey and started playing. It wasn't easy in high heels and very tipsy but she would do her best. Shortly after Tara returned with a couple of large pitchers of water, something to help fight off the drunkenness. Although while she was glad for a non alcoholic drink, it might not be the best thing for her worryingly full bladder. She could feel a tightness in her stomach as her full bladder pressed hard against her belt, with more than 2 hours of extra liquid pumped into it she would really have liked to use the bathroom.

But her will power and drive to fill herself meant that she didn't make a single step towards them, instead putting the feeling to the back of her mind and kept playing. She was holding her own, 3 to 3, looking at the client it was obvious he was not better off than her in terms of the drunkenness. As she kept playing the extra strain of leaning onto a cold surface for long shots was getting to her, Olivia was having to repeatedly cross her legs tightly to combat the need to pee.

This was defiantly the type of training she was after, but in such a public space and with a client no less, she was starting to worry. But Placing a hand on her bladder to reassure herself it could hold out, the voice from the contest returned, if she could endure what she had that day, she could endure anything. The game she was having was a close one, the client just beat her in the end at 7 to 6 points. She had a couple of chances to win, but its always best to let the client win from a business point of view. Thankfully it was now Tara that had to do the entertaining, and it gave her a chance to sit down.

Tagging Tara in she noticed that while in the ladies room her colleague had undone another button on her shirt, exposing much more cleavage. Not the most professional move but Olivia wasn’t complaining, anything to give the client a more memorable evening. Leaning over to grab a glass of water she was shocked to see that one of the two litre jugs was almost empty. She was sure they had been full when Tara brought them over, maybe this was an old one and Tara had only brought one? The refreshing water was good, the alcohol and length of the meeting had left her feeling a bit dehydrated despite the amount of water in her bladder. Sitting was easier for her, taking the weight off her muscles and allowing her to cross her legs tighter than when she was playing.

Olivia watched the game of pool intently, it seemed like Tara really knew how to play and was more than holding her own. Leaning low across the table opposite, her cleavage pressing against the hard wood of the table, amplifying her already sizeable bust. Catching her eye, Tara winked at Olivia, she was really enjoying herself. The game itself seemed to go on a while as Tara was trying to let him win, but after her show he was far too distracted by her feminine charm or maybe he didn’t want it to end either. But eventually, an unfortunate shot by Tara meant that she potted the black and the white giving him the win.

“Dam it” she cursed.

“Well that was a close game my dear, but I should be off. Life of a rockstar and all that”

Standing to see him out Olivia realised just how full she was again, tensing her muscles as gravity took full hold of her for the first time in almost an hour. The extra couple of glasses of water making her feel even more bloated, but at least the room wasn’t spinning. Taking a deep breath and pressing her thighs together temporarily, it was her time to catch Tara watching her.

“Sorry, stood up to fast”

Hopefully she would buy that, the three of them making their way to the door. From behind she could also see that Tara was tensing her muscles again, maybe she had guessed Olivia's predicament because they were in the same boat.

“Well, it was lovely to meet you two beautiful ladies” he said giving them both a pair of kisses on the cheek. “Tell Max I’ll give him a call next week”

“Will do, have a nice evening”, they both said, waving after him.

After a few moments of silence, Tara turned to Olivia.

“So….Open tab then” She giggled and danced towards the now empty bar. “What should we start with?”

“Uhhgghh, Anything but whisky” Olivia moaned. She never was one for hard liquor.

“Yes, Hi can I get two vodka lemonades, oh and can I get a menu too.” Handing one to Olivia “I don’t know about you, but im starving.”

Having skipped lunch she too was hungry, although her need to pee was starting to cover up any and all feelings from her stomach. Crossing her legs tightly as they stood at the bar Olivia was regretting the belt now. Her bloated bladder was now pressing heavily against it, Olivia was just thankful that the stylish belt was a couple of inches wide so the pressure was somewhat spread across her entire midsection. While it made it more uncomfortable, she wasn't in any pain yet.

A while later after some small talk and several more vodka lemonades the smell of perfectly cooked beef wafted past their table. A rumble in their stomachs reminding them of just how hungry they were. Finally the food arrived and they were not disappointed, two giant burgers with all the trimmings, onion rings, fried gherkins and a home made sauce.

A smile crossed Tara's face. “Oh my god, I love this place, Oh and can we have a refill on the drinks please and another jug of water too”

Tara was a great host, even before Olivia’s glass was half empty she would be refilling it right away. Although that did mean it was hard to tell exactly how much she had drunk. All Olivia knew was that the pressure within her was multiplying rapidly. She had started to hold her self under the table. Her legs pressed tightly together and one foot bouncing up and down. Thankfully they were the only people in the bar so she was a bit more relaxed about her antics not being seen. She took a moment to try and run her thumb between her tight belt and taught bladder to get some room, but as soon as she dug her thumb in she realised there was none. Her rock hard bladder had expanded to take up all available room, even putting her thumb between it and the belt elicited a small gasp from her. It felt like she had just poked a giant bruise within her as pain radiated out, that was a mistake she thought to herself as she pressed her legs tighter together.

The food was amazing, although it didn’t last long as the two beautiful women devoured the masses of food in front of them. Sitting back in their chairs she saw Tara pop her belt, her hands resting on her bloated stomach Olivia couldn't help but feel envious of her.

“That was amazing” Tara announced as they sat in silence, on the verge of a food coma.

An alarm sounded from under the table, it was Olivia;s phone. Quickly opening her bag and turning it off she was surprised to see it was 7:30pm, she could pee now!

With just that thought and realisation she felt her bladder pulse within her, the need to pee back with vengeance. Even in her desperate state the good company and food had occupied her mind, leaving her body to unconsciously cross her legs, clench her muscles and hold her pee. Now as it was thrown back into the forefront of her mind she had to double over in her seat, the pressure getting the better of her momentarily. Looking over at the sign for the bathrooms she was about to excuse herself for the first time in what felt like days.

“So, hows your home life?” Tara asked suddenly

“What?” she hadn’t really heard the question in all honesty, too busy looking longingly at the toilets.

“You know, have you met anyone? We’ve worked together for more than a year and I’ve never heard you mention a boyfriend….or something else”.

Oh god, why was she asking this now. Olivia shifted in her seat, the discomfort growing by the second. “I….uh, nope haven’t got anyone.”

“Oh, ok…no one lined up either?..I mean we could hit the town and try and find a nice man for you.” Looking at Tara in her eye there was sudden a sort of tenseness in the air, although there was a sparkle of something else, mischievous maybe?

“Im ok….im uh……im not really loking at the moment, you know with work and everything” Putting one hand between her legs she tensed her muscles again, was it her bladder or these questions that was making this so much worse. Olivia felt a foot brush up against her leg. Had Tara taken her shoes off?

“You know, you need to have some fun from time to time” Tara's face was flushed now, her slightly glassy eyes and red nose giving away that she was probably pretty drunk.

“Look, im sorry im ju…”

“No its ok, im sorry. No more boyfriend questions”

Olivia sighed, that was one less awkward thing

Are you into any sports?

“Uh…I did Hocky at University but not much of an athlete…”

“What about swimming, you seem like the type”

Olivia wasn’t sure quite what the swimming type was, she was picturing little old ladies doing backstroke. She was hoping she didn’t mean that. “Uh…Yeah I go a couple of times a month, we have that new gym downstairs in our building and It has a pool” Her legs were starting to quiver in effort, she really needed to go now. Why it had come on so fast she didn’t know, maybe she was just trying to get out of this weird line of questions.

“What about any …water sports?”

Olivia almost choked, was she asking what she thought she was asking? Or was her bursting bladder really ruining her train of thought that much.

“I….uh…you mean like Water polo?”

“Oh come on Olivia you know what I mean"

There was an audible silence for a few moment. "I...ug, I dont know what.....what are you talking about?" Her mind raced, trying to come up with a better response.

Tara leaned in closer "I can see you holding yourself, your desperate to pee....But its ok, Im kind of into it too”

“Im sorry…..I uh…….look maybe I should go”

To say she was flustered was an understatement. She hadn’t even realised it till now herself, she was into water sports. Not the peeing on each other type, but the sexual enjoyment she got from holding it, did that count?

Grabbing her phone to leave she felt something against her leg again, this time it made her stop in her tracks. Tara,s nylon clad foot was slowly making its way up the inside of her thigh, the need to pee and anticipation making Olivia shiver in her seat. Sitting back again, she looked Tara in the eye’s as a powerful look of lust and sexual appetite filled them, any mischievousness long gone, replaced with a raw hunger. Olivia tried to speak but any sound got caught in her throat as Tara’s foot slowly made its way to her crotch, rubbing the tops of her thigh as if exploring her womanhood before pressing on her crotch.

She shouldn’t be doing this they work together, and she wasn’t into women anyway….but if that was true why did it feel so good.

“You like that don’t you……”

Olivia could only nod in response, her eyes closed enjoying the sensation all to much. It had been months since anything other than her own hand had touched her like this. Even the faintest touch was sending her wild, but her bladder throbbed again threatening to ruin this moment with half a days worth of pee, desperate to burst out of her. For some reason, the jeopardy and desperation only seemed to heighten her enjoyment of this.

Tara seemed to sense how close she was to an accident and applied more pressure with her foot.

“Do you like that, does that help you hold it all back”

“Uhhh yesss” Olivia hissed out, one hand gripping the chair arm tightly the other clawing at her thigh, hard enough for her nails to leave marks.

“You must be bursting, I haven’t seen you go since work and Its been driving me crazy knowing how full you are and yet your bladder of steel is holding it all in.”

Olivia was in her own little world, a world that was rudely interrupted as a drop of wetness escaped her clenched muscles. Her eyes opened, returning to the rather public room she moved back in her chair away from Tara’s foot. She was moments from bursting all over the room, she had to do something.

“Im…I’m sorry…. I just cant…” Olivia tried to explain but her words were failing her again.

“Oh shit….im sorry Olivia….Oh god, I didn’t mean anything”

“No…its just” her thighs tensed as her bladder throbbed again.

“It’s ok…., well this is so fucking embarrassing, im sorry I should...”

“No seriously its……” she didn’t get to finish that sentence as a now bright red faced Tara stood and bolted towards the ladies room, hiding her face and avoiding all eye contact.

Screw it, Olivia thought, she wanted her more than anyone she had ever wanted before.

Standing up quickly, ignoring the protests from her bulging bladder she rushed after Tara. Finding her wiping tears out of her eyes at the mirror, now it was Olivia’s turn to be the dominant one, a role she was much more use to taking. Pushing Tara back into the corner Olivia forced her lips against her, kissing her passionately. Their bodies tightly pressed against each other, further compressing Olivia's bladder but she couldn’t care less about that anymore.

“Olivia I…Oh” Any thought suppressed as Olivia’s hand moved to between Tara’s legs, she could feel the goose pimples of her skin as she pressed against it. Their heart rates climbing erratically as Olivia’s hand pulled the intruding underwear down with one hand and grabbed Tara’s soft and perfectly sized breast in the other. A gasp of pleasure escaping from Tara as the kissing ended for the briefest moment.

Their skin burning and flushed with excitement, Olivia started to move her hand against Tara’s crotch while playing with her rock hard nipples, causing a louder moan to escape the younger woman. Olivia needing no more signs slid a single finger into the moaning and dripping wet woman she hungered for, she felt Tara's body spasm as she grabbed onto Olivia as her pleasure spiked. “Oh shit that feels good”. With one had holding herself up against the wall she used the other to push Olivia's hand a bit lower where it brushed her throbbing clit, causing her breathing to get deeper as the arousal built.

As if reading her thoughts Olivia added a second finger as easily as before, again Tara gasped loudly, her heavy breathing the only sound echoing off the mirrored walls of the ladies room. Picking up the pace Olivia could hear her lovers breath begin to quicken as she thrust her hips against the fingers buried inside her. “Oh fuck me,” she whispered. “Keep going, please. Faster.” She obeyed instantly, moving her finger repeatedly in and out of her, brushing her sensitive spot with each thrust. Each one giving enough sensation to bring Tara to the brink of overwhelming pleasure without tipping her over it.

“Oh my fucking god,” it was more of a horse shout now that a whisper. “I’m going to come if you keep going. Don’t stop. Don’t stop. Please.” Her desperate begging was driving Olivia crazy, a shiver of pleasure ran up her spine again as her own body became wet, aching for the touch of Tara. But Tara was barely able to comprehend what was happening at the moment, let along reciprocate it. Instead Olivia doubled down and concentrated on pleasuring the beautiful and writhing woman in front of her, bringing Tara ever closer to a climax. “I’m going to come, I’m going to… Oh fuck, I’m coming!” Her hips rammed into Olivia’s hand and she felt her entire pussy suddenly grip her fingers tightly and then release them, pulsing contractions that repeated again and again. Her gasps of pleasure were louder than before as her body crashed downwards, all tension gone from her muscles, sexually exhausted.

“Oh…fuck….Uhghh” Tara grunted in effort “I cant stop it”

Looking down a powerful jet of pee exploded out of Tara’s still pulsing crotch, bursting instantly past her underwear and onto Olivia’s leg. The sudden wetness on her legs sending a powerful pulse to Olivia’s own bladder. Having temporarily distracted by their hot and steamy session, the need to pee came back like a truck, the pain making her double over and throw both hands between her crotch. A second spurt escaped Tara as her muscles pulsed again, then a few seconds later came the rest. A torrent of liquid poured out of the exhausted brunette still clinging to the the wall for support. A puddle quickly forming and spreading across the bathroom counter and then the floor as she panted, abandoning all efforts to stop her bladder emptying itself.

Olivia was now hunched over, both hands pressing at her crotch, “Oh god” she stuttered through her heavy breathing.

“Holy, Shit…that’s hot” the still panting Tara said. Watching her lover cross legged, desperate to pee was doing nothing to lessen the aroused state she was in.

“I think im going to piss myself” was all Olivia could think and say.

“Fuck….how much did you drink”

“I don’t know, like lots….all that water, the drinks, coffee this morning” Just roughly counting it was causing her bladder to scream as if it was finally realising what she was doing to it

“Oh……” Tara’s breathing was quickening again, the pee pouring out of her into an ever expanding puddle. The noise of her waterfall tormenting Olivia as it filled the room. “When was the last time you pee’d” she asked between desperate gasps.

Screwing her legs even tighter, Olivia tried to quickly reach her belt but it was no use. ”I don’t know, like 12 hours ago…” she said quietly at the floor.

“Holy……uh…..Oh god…..hhhuu” The realisation of just how much Olivia was holding along with the pee thundering out of her past her throbbing muscles caused Tara to cum again. “Fuck…meeeeee!” she yelled in the small room as her body exploded in pleasure for the second time in a minute. Her contracting muscles causing her pee to shoot out of her with each spasm, spraying almost a meter across the room and splattering noisily against the door of one of the stalls.

Still writhing in pain as her compressed bladder continued to shout at her, she passed on the message. “How much did you fucking drink Tara” the puddle enveloping the entire floor of the small room, going under the doors of each of the cubicles. It took several moments for Tara to respond, her mind still in a haze. “I..have….no idea. But that was amazing, I cant see straight” Finally the torrent coming out of her ended, the tortuous sound coming to a close “No I mean it….like that was the best orgasm I’ve ever had. Like two of the best, and its never happened without touching myself before”

Still clutching herself tightly but with a little more composure after Tara had finally stopped peeing, Olivia straightened slightly. “Glad I could help…” Tara moved towards Olivia, planting her lips on the crossed legged woman. Slowly her hand moved downwards, aiming to reciprocate the favour. Only for Olivia to move away from it, still clenching herself.

“Im sorry….im just….i’ve never done it with a woman before”

“could have fooled me” Tara joked, but she could see that Olivia was somewhat serious.

“Look, I do want it…..like a lot….but im sorry its just going to take a little bit of time to get used to this”

“No it’s ok, I get it” Tara was slightly disappointed, but she could live with it. Although she couldn't stop it pass across her face.

“So….” Olivia took a deep breath in, standing up straight after her still throbbing bladder stopped acting like a ticking time bomb. “What about dinner…..Saturday night?”

“Like a date?” Tara asked

“Yeah….I mean if you want that”

“I want that… like 100%” Tara said smiling

“Cool” Olivia blushed, she hadn’t asked anyone out before. It felt weirdly childlike, especially considering what had transpired in the still dripping bathroom. She pressed open the door “Should we make a move before they find us in here like this?” she looked at Tara, her skirt drenched and her panties about 10 shades darker than they were 5 minutes ago.

“Wait, don’t you want to use the bathroom, you looked like you were about to piss yourself a minute ago”

“I am seriously about to explode right here, you have no idea, but…..I know that me waiting to get home and the thought of me furiously crossing my legs in the taxi is going to drive you mad….and me, so looks like im going to have to hold it” Tara almost chocked, despite cumming twice just minutes earlier, she could feel the warmth growing between her hips again. Her eyes almost rolled back into her head as just the thought of it made her weak at the knees, but she scampered through the open door.

Neither of them made eye contact with the man behind the bar, Tara's skirt was still dripping as they gathered their belonging and made their way out to find a taxi or two.

“So……I guess I’ll see you at work tomorrow?” Olivia grinned.

“Shit I almost forgot that work was even a thing….Oh god how am I going to be able to concentrate after all of this”

“You are a professional…..a sexy one at that…..so you will just do your job like any other day”

“So…by day we will be lawfirm secretaries and by night we will be star crossed lovers”

“Exactly” Olivia replied…..”Now, im literally about to piss myself on the street right here, so im going to grab a taxi right now”

“Oh god….why do you have to do that to me”

“Its fun to watch you squirm, lets see if I make it home dry” Olivia said suggestively, raising an eyebrow and laughing at the involuntary growl Tara let out.

“But seriously, im going to head off……this was fun….I cant wait to do it again on Saturday”

Rushing to her Taxi Olivia wasn’t lying about the state of her bladder, the cold air was only making things 10 times worse as her bodies contents weighed heavily on her. She was only 10 minutes from her apartment but it was going to feel like 100. Getting in the back of the cab she suddenly realised she smelt like Tara’s pee. The faint aroma coming off her clothes and shoes, she really hoped that the driver wouldn’t smell anything, or at least that he wouldn't think it was her. As the car set off she violently crossed her legs as tight as possible, getting in the back meant that she at least had the freedom to cross her legs and hold herself when it came to that. Placing a hand on her distended bladder she could feel it, rock hard and completely full now. More spasms started to rush through her body, each one causing her to squirm in the leather seats.

She was almost there, she could practically see her apartment from here. What had started 10 minutes ago as a series of mild spasms had quickly changed into a tremendous and painful pressure in her abdomen. Without the distraction of Tara she was now all to aware of the constant throbbing of her bladder. Her body spasmed again violently, tears started to form at the corners of her eyes as she was force to bend over. A concerned look from the driver in the rear-view mirror told her all she needed too know, it must be painfully obvious what was going on. Although he was probably more worried about needing to clean his car than her well being, thankfully he said nothing about it though. Finally the car came to a stop at her apartment, she quickly handed him some money telling him to keep the change and rushed towards the building. Each step absolute agony for her bladder as her high heels clacked along the pavement.

Somehow she made it into the building dry, making her way to the lifts (elevators) she pressed the button. Furiously pee dancing, waiting for them to arrive she no longer cared who saw her do this. It was simple, if she stopped she would pee. Despite that, being so close was somehow a blessing and a curse, her body so desperate to relieve itself was setting up for just that even without a toilet in sight. But, being so close was giving her mental resolve and the extra help it needed, just 2 more minutes was all she needed as she danced on the ground floor. The lift finally arrived and she hammered the 12th floor button, now on her own she pressed on hand to her crotch and then used the other to finally free herself from the confines of her belt.

Even as the latch was still undoing, the immense pressure behind it forced it from her grip and threw it across the lift. Her bladder spilling forth able to bulge to its truly monstrous proportions. Her shirt buttons popped off as the mass of liquid forced its way outwards, her tight shirt unable to handle the extra girth of her distended bladder. It felt like heaven to Olivia, the pressure within her subsiding, although the ever pressing need to pee was still there. The liquid inside her threatening to burst forwards with every second, her muscles were tied after a full day of holding. Olivia wasn’t sure how much longer she could last.

The lift announced it had arrived at her floor, leaving the discarded belt on the floor she all but ran for her room. As soon as the key turned she nearly smashed the door in, rushing for the bathroom. Kicking her heels across the hallway she padded her way past her room in her tights, unzipping her trousers and dropping them where she walked. Oh god, she was about to burst but without the pain her belt was causing her, it felt so good. The clock in the hall showed 8.14, she had not peed in almost 13 hours.

In fact…she was just 6 minutes away from having achieved that. Sweat building on her skin, just meters away from the toilet she paused. Was she really going to deprive herself from peeing for the sake of 6 minutes. She felt wetness spread across her thighs as she rubbed them together, although she wasn’t entirely sure of what type. Her newly distended bladder was now pressing on something inside her, the same feeling she started to feel in the competition was building inside her. Each movement causing discomfort and pleasure to ripple through her body. Caught in a battle of needs, she put a hand on her crotch and that was all it took to decide. The slightest touch sent waves of pleasure through her, the earlier feelings of lust and sheer hornyness resurfacing.

Grabbing her laptop while pressing on herself slightly she opened it, www.pornh...

She paused again. Her body convulsing in one need or the other as she deleted it. www.weakestlink.com

There it was, front of the page, her and the other contestants writhing in pain. Opening the recording of her round she began gently stoking herself, watching the images of the other women being pumped full of liquid and ready to explode. First it was Katy, rubbing faster Olivia almost came as the beautiful woman on the stage burst and pee flowed out of her purple dress. “Oh….fuck”, Olivia moaned deeply, slowing her pace as to not climax too soon. Next, poor scarlet put up a good fight but as she watched her jeans darkened and soon Amanda followed suit, almost exploding with pee. The force of the accident causing Olivia to press harder on her vagina, desperate to feel the fast flow of the water against her.

The final three, she was watching herself now, bloated even more than she was now and being pumped full of even more water. She remembered the feeling, her current pleasure spiking as black dots started to form in her vision, her head feeling light. She was fast approaching a cliff she couldn’t come back from “Not yet…” she whimpered to herself. Her hand only just obeying, keeping her perilously close to the edge without going over it. Next was the black haired beauty that was Claudia, you could hear the hiss of her pee as it soaked through her panties even on the recording. Olivia's head was swimming in pleasure, more pleasure than she had ever felt before and she hadn’t even finished yet.

Finally as she watched on, she locked eyes with herself on the screen writhing in pain and clutching her distended bladder until the pee rushed out of her and Alex more or less at the same time. The clothes darkening as litres and litres of pee ejected itself from them on her screen. This was the final straw, she exploded where she sat, the world went black as she slid the same fingers she had used to pleasure Tara earlier into herself this time. “OHHHH FFFUUUUCCCCCKKKK! “ Olivia came hard, her head in the clouds as wave after wave of pleasure exploded within her. Her mind blank, unable to think of anything other than the mind bending orgasm she was having, the pleasure still radiating out of her for seconds. She was almost convulsing, the sheer force of her muscle contractions causing her hole body to shake.

“FFuuuCk”, “Fuck”, “Fuck” she repeated, with each convulsion forcing her torso to contract and her head to nod forwards, while her eyes still rolled back into her head.

Finally after what felt like minutes her orgasm started to calm down, her limp body somehow now on the floor, her back leaned up against the foot of her bed and limbs limply resting on the floor. Blinking the ecstasy out of her mind she lifted her hand to move her now matted hair from her sweating face. She noticed it was wet, looking down she was sitting in the biggest puddle of pee she had ever seen. Clearly the orgasm had been too much for her tired and maxed out bladder, thankful she had a wooden floor in this room she could see the puddle had gone absolutely everywhere.

Spreading for meters in all directions from her exhausted and now soaking wet body, it had gone under the bead, the cupboard and even into the connected bathroom. Looking over at the pile of laundry in the corner, they too had soaked up a large amount of her pee, spreading upwards through each piece of absorbent clothing. Even the carpet in the hall almost 3 meters away was now wet, but what surprised her most was the water dripping from the wall. Opposite her she could see the distinct splatter of pee almost 4 feet off the floor, a pattern similar to what Tara had done in the bar toilets, but seemingly much more forceful.

“Holy Fuck” she repeated, “How the hell” she laughed letting her head fall backwards exhausted. It seemed as if her need and the power of her orgasm had forced the pee from her like a cannon, spraying the wall meters away. She was somewhat shocked but mainly impressed by her ability to do that, and more than that she was also desperate to do it again.

She stood, her legs shaking and numb. Her completely drenched underwear and shirt clinging tightly to her Glistening wet skin. “Well, this is going to take some cleaning” Grabbing an already dirty towel from the pile she set about removing the evidence of her massive accident.

###

Thanks for reading, I really hope you liked this chapter.

It's much more "adult" than some of the other chapters but I wanted to try something a bit different.

As you can probably tell by the length I really enjoyed writing this chapter, so part 2 of Olivia is looking to be along similar Lewd lines.

To be continued...
