The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition) - Page 2

Author: Markj9494

*042*2020-02-06 22:32

So as I mentioned in the last part, I got a bit carried away with Olivia's part so im splitting into two chapters.

Its also a bit more "adult" than some of the other parts so as a Warning , this chapter does include scenes of a sexual nature. In other words this is 100% adulterated filth….enjoy.

...

Chapter 12 : Breaking the camel’s back. (Olivia, part 1)

The game show had woken something inside of Olivia, a deep desire and lust for a full bladder. There was nothing like it for her, the pleasure that it caused physically and the drive to hold more even when fit to bursting. While she was disappointed not to have won, it was quickly forgotten as she started to experiment with this new found feeling. Even before the rematch was announced she was planning on filling her bladder regularly and now she had a reason to train things were going to get serious. She was going to have the biggest bladder of anyone there, if she didn't already.

6 weeks to go until the rematch.

Olivia grabbed her third tall glass of water of the morning and got ready for the day ahead. Picking out a tight pair of black suit pants and a nice pressed white shirt she continued sipping, unconsciously rubbing her empty bladder. walking over to her computer she opened her calendar, sighing at the sight of it. Today was a busy day at the law firm she worked at, meetings from 9 till 1 and then a business function from 1 till 4 with one of the new clients. Some sporting brand clothing that was being sued by an artist for stealing his work. As usual Olivia and her boss were taking them out to a local bar in an attempt to butter them up a bit so they wouldn’t go somewhere else. Going off the claims she wasn’t sure how easy it was going to be to win and that meant one thing, lengthy lawsuits and lots of money for the firm.

Buttoning up her tight pants she added a smart black belt and downed the rest of the water. Patting her bladder she had no plans of undoing that belt anytime soon. Grabbing a bottle of water for the journey she made her way down to the underground parking and set off. It usually took about an hour to make it to work taking into account the extra morning traffic. Even as she arrived the need to pee hadn’t hit her, walking in she grabbed a large mug of coffee from the staff room and set about prepping for the first of many meetings.

“Hey Tara, is that the Lowe’s files?”

“Morning Olivia, yes that should be everything. Notes on the lawsuit, background on the case, judge, claimant and that previous case you asked me to copy yesterday”

“Amazing, thank you very much”

Tara was the perfect employee for Olivia, not to talkative and knew how to do her job. She was smart efficient and strikingly beautiful, which in this line of work was a good way of distracting many men and even the occasional woman during meetings. A leggy brunette with medium sized breasts and a symmetrical but strong jawed face, she could see the appeal even If she didn’t consider herself on that side of things. It was always fun to play with some of the less experienced men that came at them, many were not at all prepared to be grilled by two beautiful ladies so together they made quite the team.

Placing the copies around the glass meeting table and making sure the presentation was ready, Olivia prepared the statements her boss had asked her to make. This was a fairly easy case, a taxi driver had hit her defendant as he cycled to work causing him some nasty injuries. Although the extent of the injuries was far less than they implied, she was sure there would be a nice settlement before reaching court. A knock on the glass door made her turn around, it was Tara with the offending taxi man, time to get to it.

She had been right, the case was all but sorted after the initial presentation showing how screwed he was going to be. They had camera footage of him pulling out onto the pedestrianised road without indicating. She had laid the threat of a jail sentence and losing his licence on a bit thick, as he started to panic. But it was all part of the plan. Men like him would always look for a way out and having such a kind and friendly woman like Olivia offer a solution meant they almost always took it. It was all an act, one that she had perfected over many years at this place which was why her bosses now trusted her to do this sort of work. It proved much more effective than being threatened by a man in a suit who then offered you a magic pill to get out of it, all too often it made clients aware they were being screwed in one way or the other.

Doing it like this she got her client more than 3 times the compensation while the driver got to avoid jail and didn’t even loose his licence. It didn’t always sit well with her that things like that happened, he was still a danger to road users, but he would hopefully learn from this and not end up back here or worse. Going off the previous almost identical case Tara had given her before the meeting, she unfortunately guessed the latter. But at the end of the day it was up to the client whether to press legal charges or not after being offered the money, she was just the intermediary.

“Well, thank you my Lowe, I thank you for your co-operation, my assistant Tara will show you out” Olivia said gesturing to her assistant that had almost by magic appeared at the door. We’ve defiantly worked too long together she laughed to herself.

Walking over to the coffee machine she poured herself a second coffee and checked her calendar again on her phone. The next meeting wasn’t too bad either, a preliminary meeting for another case. For this she just needed to take notes and then turn in a report to her bosses so they could make the final decision. As she watched her coffee slowly drip into her cup she was starting to feel the faintest of sensations from within her bladder. It wasn't her intention to get desperate at work, after all it would be a bit unprofessional, but sometimes she couldn't help wanting to have that desperate feeling again. Walking down the hall she headed for the smaller meeting room near the front of the building. Noticing Tara walking back towards her she waved her down

“Hey, sorry I’ve got to get to room 2B, any chance you could bring over a couple of pitchers of water for the meeting. You can sit into if you want, nothing to major though if you have something else to do” Sometimes with these first meetings the clients would be nervous or emotional and something to drink was always a good idea to have on hand.

“Yeah sure, I’ll bring it over now”

Walking into the room the client was already there, a young woman biting her nails nervously.

“Hi, Im Olivia, how are you doing today?”

The meeting wasn’t quite as straight forward as she had hoped, it appeared that the woman's ex had taken the dong when they broke up. Unfortunately for her all of the Vet forms were in his name too, but she did have the original receipt for the dog which was under her name. Olivia wasnt sure who would bother to pay £2,000 for a dog when there were shelters full of them, but it was evidence of her ownership at least. Plus the price tag meant that she could threaten the ex with legal charges of grand theft since the dogs “value” was over £1,500. Hopefully that meant they could win this without going to court, but with things like pets and children they were never simple things to solve.

Tara had come in with the drinks shortly after the meeting had started and, after seeing the young woman out they came back into the room. Tara was pouring two glasses of water when Olivia returned, they had already had a couple through the meeting but Olivia wasn’t even slightly worried by this point.

“So, do you think you’ll be recommending Max to take this one?” Tara asked

“Well….she does seem to have evidence of ownership”

“But the fact that the dog was registered under his name raises a couple of questions”

“Yeah its weird” was all Olivia could think to reply “But weird is winnable, either way I still have to write the report but I think I’ll let Max figure this one out”

Tara burst out laughing. “I feel like Weird Is winnable should be the company slogan. Anyway we should probably get ready for the Shumer merger that we have in like 10 minutes”

“Yeah that’s a good idea, did you print out everything I asked for?”

“Yes I did it this morning, its all at your desk”

“Oh yeah I have a desk” Olivia joked. “Might have to ask you to remind me where it is” she smiled to herself as she walked away.

10 minutes later the pair of beautiful brunettes were sitting pretty in the board room, another cup of coffee in their hands. Their boss Max was there for this one, but he was all to aware of the type of person the Shumer representative was. He was defiantly one of the old world of businessmen, the type easily distracted by expensive cars, mysterious white powders and low cut tops. While neither of the ladies were flaunting themselves, having two smart and beautiful colleagues in there to back him up was always a good idea.

The next two hours dragged on and on for both Olivia and Tara, with little to do but drink water and flap their eyelashes Olivia had soon found her need to pee quickly building as the glass after glass of water made its way through her. Closing her legs tightly and starting to clench her muscles she knew she could still last a long while longer. However near the end of the meeting, she had started to notice Tara becoming increasingly fidgety. Crossing her legs tightly and leaning forwards slightly, tell tale signs that she was desperate for the bathroom. Thankfully for Tara, Max seemed to be bringing the meeting to its conclusion.

Standing to show him out and to finally end the boring meeting Max continued. “Well, I think we should put another meeting on the books soon Mr Schumer, I’m sure Tara wont mind helping set a date for you?”

“Uh…Yes, of corse….would you mind following me to reception and we can work something out” Standing slower than normal, a slightly flustered looking Tara lead the client out of the room. Olivia couldn't help but wonder how desperate her beautiful assistant was. Had she had her morning pee, how big was her bladder she wondered, Tara had drunk quite a lot in the last couple of meetings.

“Olivia, do you have 10 minutes to go through the client info with me before our lunch meeting with NileSports. I just want to make sure we are all on the same page”

“Yeah sure, do you want me to grab the portfolio?”

“Actually yeah that would be great, ill go grab a coffee while you’re at it.”

Going to her desk for the second time in a day which almost had to be a record, she noticed a rather speedy Tara rushing past in the direction of the Ladies room. However big her bladder, it was clearly full. Putting a hand on her own bloated bladder Olivia could defiantly feel a need to pee, unsurprising given the quantity of liquids she had consumed. Maybe Should she pee now too? what if she couldn't hold through the meeting later. Checking her phone it was now 12:20, only five hours since her last pee, she could hold it longer.

More than that she wanted to hold it longer, the deep seated need to test her bladder only just coming in first above her professionalism. Grabbing the portfolio and her empty cup she made her way to the staff kitchen. As she stood there making another coffee she was slightly annoyed by the fact she had thought about peeing in the middle of the day like that. Unsure of what had come over her, was her confidence really that low that she would pee at work? She didn’t even do that when she wasn’t training her bladder. She needed to prove herself stronger than that, opening phone she set an alarm for 7.30pm, that was going to be her time to pee and not a second before.

“Hey sorry Olivia” It was max, walking up to her with a rather relieved looking Tara behind him.

“The clients called and were hoping to meet a little earlier if that’s ok, we can go through the portfolio in the car”

“Yeah no problem, i'll just grab my coat and join you”

Looking down at her fresh coffee she had to options, down it or leave it. As if sensing her annoyance having just made a coffee max chimed in “Don’t worry about that, ill grab you a new one when we get there.” Despite the offer Olivia had made her decision and she put the cup to her lips and chugged the coffee in one. “Don’t like wasting good coffee”.

36 minutes later the trio of well prepared schmoozers arrived at the Dandy Lion bar and got to work. First handshakes and introductions, followed by a round of drinks that were meticulously researched beforehand. If you can convince a client that you have something in common right away then that’s your work already half done. A few questions and some under the table money to interns at NileSports made it possible to “accidentally” order the clients favourite drink for your self, in doing so starting a conversation about it. Oak barrel aged whisky and not a name brand was the order today and it worked like a charm. 20 minutes in and all they had talked about was Whisky, perfect.

Stage 2 was a little trickier, it required more panache to determine the true motives of the claimant and figure out how far they were willing to go. Today was easy, the arrogant rich boy sitting in front of them was an open book to read. For him this wasn’t about the money it was about his image. He was 100% prideful about his design and that it wasn’t stolen, a fact that meant when it came to their lawsuit, money was no problem. A few basic explanations about how it might be hard to prove either way combined with some comments on the experience of the other plaintiff lawyers sowed the seeds of the lengthy plan they had. All three of them knew it wouldn't be either for either side to win, but for them this was good. Their company had the money to out wait the artist and his team. All the while Olivia, Tara and Max would be taking home their health pay cheques as sponsored by the guy currently sitting in front of them.

Stage 4. This was where the schmoozing hit its peak, the lawyer speak ended and it just became about giving the client a great time to remember. It stops them thinking of the law firm as just a big nameless building and for some reason creates a form of loyalty from the client. They know you have their back, after tonight your almost friends with them. In reality it was just pretend, but rich men that are being bought drinks by men with similar tastes while beautiful women smile and laugh at their jokes never look to closely. Its why no one besides Olivia herself had noticed her foot tapping and leg crossing.

Olivia was getting desperate now, the need to pee seemed to have amplified greatly with the addition of the strong dark alcohol. Her body was now pumping out water, trying to get rid of the contaminants she had just put into it. The belt thankfully helped to contain her bulging bladder, but only added to the tension she was feeling between her legs. Beside her she could also see Tara’s legs starting to fidget slightly, although nothing compared to the meeting earlier. How close had she come to wetting herself she thought, glancing at the beautiful women next to her. Tara’s thighs were tensing in her stockings, easy to see underneath her short black skirt. A raised eyebrow from Tara made Olivia realise that she had basically been staring at the rhythmically tensing muscles far too long, shaking her head she tried to play it off as just zoning out completely.

“So, I fancy doing something a bit more physical” Wait...what was he saying?

“Which one of you lovely ladies would like to play a little game?” nodding his head towards the corner of the room both Tara and Olivia were relieved to see a set of pub games, ice hockey, pool and Foosball.

That sort of physical they could do.

“Well, it would be unfair for one of us to get to choose to…play with you….so how about we flip a coin” This was why Tara was great, sexy and confident enough to pull off this sort of thing.

“Heads, looks like you will be playing Olivia but im sure we can have a little fun after that” she said raising an eyebrow suggestively. “Im more of a pool lady anyway, something about big sticks I guess”

“Okay…ladies I trust you to look after our new client here” Max chimed up before things got too provocative. Tara was a little worried she had gone too far, the alcohol was defiantly playing a part in all of this. Luckily this rich boy wasn’t her type even if she got drunk. Although it was defiantly making her loose her inhibitions and raising her confidence levels. “You two behave yourselves….but the tab is open and don’t worry about coming back to work this afternoon. That said don’t come in with a hangover tomorrow” he emphasised with a point of his figure at the two women. Luckily they knew he was joking, for the most part anyway.

“Well, im just going to pop to the ladies if you want to join, or are you ok here?” Tara asked

“I’m ok, think im going to play with our client here” Olivia said, making fun of Tara’s earlier comment.

Standing both ladies had to pause for a couple of seconds, a slight distorted spin seemed to be happening around them for a few seconds. Blinking to get rid of alcohol induced trip Olivia walked over to the ice hockey and started playing. It wasn't easy in high heels and very tipsy but she would do her best. Shortly after Tara returned with a couple of large pitchers of water, something to help fight off the drunkenness. Although while she was glad for a non alcoholic drink, it might not be the best thing for her worryingly full bladder. She could feel a tightness in her stomach as her full bladder pressed hard against her belt, with more than 2 hours of extra liquid pumped into it she would really have liked to use the bathroom.

But her will power and drive to fill herself meant that she didn't make a single step towards them, instead putting the feeling to the back of her mind and kept playing. She was holding her own, 3 to 3, looking at the client it was obvious he was not better off than her in terms of the drunkenness. As she kept playing the extra strain of leaning onto a cold surface for long shots was getting to her, Olivia was having to repeatedly cross her legs tightly to combat the need to pee.

This was defiantly the type of training she was after, but in such a public space and with a client no less, she was starting to worry. But Placing a hand on her bladder to reassure herself it could hold out, the voice from the contest returned, if she could endure what she had that day, she could endure anything. The game she was having was a close one, the client just beat her in the end at 7 to 6 points. She had a couple of chances to win, but its always best to let the client win from a business point of view. Thankfully it was now Tara that had to do the entertaining, and it gave her a chance to sit down.

Tagging Tara in she noticed that while in the ladies room her colleague had undone another button on her shirt, exposing much more cleavage. Not the most professional move but Olivia wasn’t complaining, anything to give the client a more memorable evening. Leaning over to grab a glass of water she was shocked to see that one of the two litre jugs was almost empty. She was sure they had been full when Tara brought them over, maybe this was an old one and Tara had only brought one? The refreshing water was good, the alcohol and length of the meeting had left her feeling a bit dehydrated despite the amount of water in her bladder. Sitting was easier for her, taking the weight off her muscles and allowing her to cross her legs tighter than when she was playing.

Olivia watched the game of pool intently, it seemed like Tara really knew how to play and was more than holding her own. Leaning low across the table opposite, her cleavage pressing against the hard wood of the table, amplifying her already sizeable bust. Catching her eye, Tara winked at Olivia, she was really enjoying herself. The game itself seemed to go on a while as Tara was trying to let him win, but after her show he was far too distracted by her feminine charm or maybe he didn’t want it to end either. But eventually, an unfortunate shot by Tara meant that she potted the black and the white giving him the win.

“Dam it” she cursed.

“Well that was a close game my dear, but I should be off. Life of a rockstar and all that”

Standing to see him out Olivia realised just how full she was again, tensing her muscles as gravity took full hold of her for the first time in almost an hour. The extra couple of glasses of water making her feel even more bloated, but at least the room wasn’t spinning. Taking a deep breath and pressing her thighs together temporarily, it was her time to catch Tara watching her.

“Sorry, stood up to fast”

Hopefully she would buy that, the three of them making their way to the door. From behind she could also see that Tara was tensing her muscles again, maybe she had guessed Olivia's predicament because they were in the same boat.

“Well, it was lovely to meet you two beautiful ladies” he said giving them both a pair of kisses on the cheek. “Tell Max I’ll give him a call next week”

“Will do, have a nice evening”, they both said, waving after him.

After a few moments of silence, Tara turned to Olivia.

“So….Open tab then” She giggled and danced towards the now empty bar. “What should we start with?”

“Uhhgghh, Anything but whisky” Olivia moaned. She never was one for hard liquor.

“Yes, Hi can I get two vodka lemonades, oh and can I get a menu too.” Handing one to Olivia “I don’t know about you, but im starving.”

Having skipped lunch she too was hungry, although her need to pee was starting to cover up any and all feelings from her stomach. Crossing her legs tightly as they stood at the bar Olivia was regretting the belt now. Her bloated bladder was now pressing heavily against it, Olivia was just thankful that the stylish belt was a couple of inches wide so the pressure was somewhat spread across her entire midsection. While it made it more uncomfortable, she wasn't in any pain yet.

A while later after some small talk and several more vodka lemonades the smell of perfectly cooked beef wafted past their table. A rumble in their stomachs reminding them of just how hungry they were. Finally the food arrived and they were not disappointed, two giant burgers with all the trimmings, onion rings, fried gherkins and a home made sauce.

A smile crossed Tara's face. “Oh my god, I love this place, Oh and can we have a refill on the drinks please and another jug of water too”

Tara was a great host, even before Olivia’s glass was half empty she would be refilling it right away. Although that did mean it was hard to tell exactly how much she had drunk. All Olivia knew was that the pressure within her was multiplying rapidly. She had started to hold her self under the table. Her legs pressed tightly together and one foot bouncing up and down. Thankfully they were the only people in the bar so she was a bit more relaxed about her antics not being seen. She took a moment to try and run her thumb between her tight belt and taught bladder to get some room, but as soon as she dug her thumb in she realised there was none. Her rock hard bladder had expanded to take up all available room, even putting her thumb between it and the belt elicited a small gasp from her. It felt like she had just poked a giant bruise within her as pain radiated out, that was a mistake she thought to herself as she pressed her legs tighter together.

The food was amazing, although it didn’t last long as the two beautiful women devoured the masses of food in front of them. Sitting back in their chairs she saw Tara pop her belt, her hands resting on her bloated stomach Olivia couldn't help but feel envious of her.

“That was amazing” Tara announced as they sat in silence, on the verge of a food coma.

An alarm sounded from under the table, it was Olivia;s phone. Quickly opening her bag and turning it off she was surprised to see it was 7:30pm, she could pee now!

With just that thought and realisation she felt her bladder pulse within her, the need to pee back with vengeance. Even in her desperate state the good company and food had occupied her mind, leaving her body to unconsciously cross her legs, clench her muscles and hold her pee. Now as it was thrown back into the forefront of her mind she had to double over in her seat, the pressure getting the better of her momentarily. Looking over at the sign for the bathrooms she was about to excuse herself for the first time in what felt like days.

“So, hows your home life?” Tara asked suddenly

“What?” she hadn’t really heard the question in all honesty, too busy looking longingly at the toilets.

“You know, have you met anyone? We’ve worked together for more than a year and I’ve never heard you mention a boyfriend….or something else”.

Oh god, why was she asking this now. Olivia shifted in her seat, the discomfort growing by the second. “I….uh, nope haven’t got anyone.”

“Oh, ok…no one lined up either?..I mean we could hit the town and try and find a nice man for you.” Looking at Tara in her eye there was sudden a sort of tenseness in the air, although there was a sparkle of something else, mischievous maybe?

“Im ok….im uh……im not really loking at the moment, you know with work and everything” Putting one hand between her legs she tensed her muscles again, was it her bladder or these questions that was making this so much worse. Olivia felt a foot brush up against her leg. Had Tara taken her shoes off?

“You know, you need to have some fun from time to time” Tara's face was flushed now, her slightly glassy eyes and red nose giving away that she was probably pretty drunk.

“Look, im sorry im ju…”

“No its ok, im sorry. No more boyfriend questions”

Olivia sighed, that was one less awkward thing

Are you into any sports?

“Uh…I did Hocky at University but not much of an athlete…”

“What about swimming, you seem like the type”

Olivia wasn’t sure quite what the swimming type was, she was picturing little old ladies doing backstroke. She was hoping she didn’t mean that. “Uh…Yeah I go a couple of times a month, we have that new gym downstairs in our building and It has a pool” Her legs were starting to quiver in effort, she really needed to go now. Why it had come on so fast she didn’t know, maybe she was just trying to get out of this weird line of questions.

“What about any …water sports?”

Olivia almost choked, was she asking what she thought she was asking? Or was her bursting bladder really ruining her train of thought that much.

“I….uh…you mean like Water polo?”

“Oh come on Olivia you know what I mean"

There was an audible silence for a few moment. "I...ug, I dont know what.....what are you talking about?" Her mind raced, trying to come up with a better response.

Tara leaned in closer "I can see you holding yourself, your desperate to pee....But its ok, Im kind of into it too”

“Im sorry…..I uh…….look maybe I should go”

To say she was flustered was an understatement. She hadn’t even realised it till now herself, she was into water sports. Not the peeing on each other type, but the sexual enjoyment she got from holding it, did that count?

Grabbing her phone to leave she felt something against her leg again, this time it made her stop in her tracks. Tara,s nylon clad foot was slowly making its way up the inside of her thigh, the need to pee and anticipation making Olivia shiver in her seat. Sitting back again, she looked Tara in the eye’s as a powerful look of lust and sexual appetite filled them, any mischievousness long gone, replaced with a raw hunger. Olivia tried to speak but any sound got caught in her throat as Tara’s foot slowly made its way to her crotch, rubbing the tops of her thigh as if exploring her womanhood before pressing on her crotch.

She shouldn’t be doing this they work together, and she wasn’t into women anyway….but if that was true why did it feel so good.

“You like that don’t you……”

Olivia could only nod in response, her eyes closed enjoying the sensation all to much. It had been months since anything other than her own hand had touched her like this. Even the faintest touch was sending her wild, but her bladder throbbed again threatening to ruin this moment with half a days worth of pee, desperate to burst out of her. For some reason, the jeopardy and desperation only seemed to heighten her enjoyment of this.

Tara seemed to sense how close she was to an accident and applied more pressure with her foot.

“Do you like that, does that help you hold it all back”

“Uhhh yesss” Olivia hissed out, one hand gripping the chair arm tightly the other clawing at her thigh, hard enough for her nails to leave marks.

“You must be bursting, I haven’t seen you go since work and Its been driving me crazy knowing how full you are and yet your bladder of steel is holding it all in.”

Olivia was in her own little world, a world that was rudely interrupted as a drop of wetness escaped her clenched muscles. Her eyes opened, returning to the rather public room she moved back in her chair away from Tara’s foot. She was moments from bursting all over the room, she had to do something.

“Im…I’m sorry…. I just cant…” Olivia tried to explain but her words were failing her again.

“Oh shit….im sorry Olivia….Oh god, I didn’t mean anything”

“No…its just” her thighs tensed as her bladder throbbed again.

“It’s ok…., well this is so fucking embarrassing, im sorry I should...”

“No seriously its……” she didn’t get to finish that sentence as a now bright red faced Tara stood and bolted towards the ladies room, hiding her face and avoiding all eye contact.

Screw it, Olivia thought, she wanted her more than anyone she had ever wanted before.

Standing up quickly, ignoring the protests from her bulging bladder she rushed after Tara. Finding her wiping tears out of her eyes at the mirror, now it was Olivia’s turn to be the dominant one, a role she was much more use to taking. Pushing Tara back into the corner Olivia forced her lips against her, kissing her passionately. Their bodies tightly pressed against each other, further compressing Olivia's bladder but she couldn’t care less about that anymore.

“Olivia I…Oh” Any thought suppressed as Olivia’s hand moved to between Tara’s legs, she could feel the goose pimples of her skin as she pressed against it. Their heart rates climbing erratically as Olivia’s hand pulled the intruding underwear down with one hand and grabbed Tara’s soft and perfectly sized breast in the other. A gasp of pleasure escaping from Tara as the kissing ended for the briefest moment.

Their skin burning and flushed with excitement, Olivia started to move her hand against Tara’s crotch while playing with her rock hard nipples, causing a louder moan to escape the younger woman. Olivia needing no more signs slid a single finger into the moaning and dripping wet woman she hungered for, she felt Tara's body spasm as she grabbed onto Olivia as her pleasure spiked. “Oh shit that feels good”. With one had holding herself up against the wall she used the other to push Olivia's hand a bit lower where it brushed her throbbing clit, causing her breathing to get deeper as the arousal built.

As if reading her thoughts Olivia added a second finger as easily as before, again Tara gasped loudly, her heavy breathing the only sound echoing off the mirrored walls of the ladies room. Picking up the pace Olivia could hear her lovers breath begin to quicken as she thrust her hips against the fingers buried inside her. “Oh fuck me,” she whispered. “Keep going, please. Faster.” She obeyed instantly, moving her finger repeatedly in and out of her, brushing her sensitive spot with each thrust. Each one giving enough sensation to bring Tara to the brink of overwhelming pleasure without tipping her over it.

“Oh my fucking god,” it was more of a horse shout now that a whisper. “I’m going to come if you keep going. Don’t stop. Don’t stop. Please.” Her desperate begging was driving Olivia crazy, a shiver of pleasure ran up her spine again as her own body became wet, aching for the touch of Tara. But Tara was barely able to comprehend what was happening at the moment, let along reciprocate it. Instead Olivia doubled down and concentrated on pleasuring the beautiful and writhing woman in front of her, bringing Tara ever closer to a climax. “I’m going to come, I’m going to… Oh fuck, I’m coming!” Her hips rammed into Olivia’s hand and she felt her entire pussy suddenly grip her fingers tightly and then release them, pulsing contractions that repeated again and again. Her gasps of pleasure were louder than before as her body crashed downwards, all tension gone from her muscles, sexually exhausted.

“Oh…fuck….Uhghh” Tara grunted in effort “I cant stop it”

Looking down a powerful jet of pee exploded out of Tara’s still pulsing crotch, bursting instantly past her underwear and onto Olivia’s leg. The sudden wetness on her legs sending a powerful pulse to Olivia’s own bladder. Having temporarily distracted by their hot and steamy session, the need to pee came back like a truck, the pain making her double over and throw both hands between her crotch. A second spurt escaped Tara as her muscles pulsed again, then a few seconds later came the rest. A torrent of liquid poured out of the exhausted brunette still clinging to the the wall for support. A puddle quickly forming and spreading across the bathroom counter and then the floor as she panted, abandoning all efforts to stop her bladder emptying itself.

Olivia was now hunched over, both hands pressing at her crotch, “Oh god” she stuttered through her heavy breathing.

“Holy, Shit…that’s hot” the still panting Tara said. Watching her lover cross legged, desperate to pee was doing nothing to lessen the aroused state she was in.

“I think im going to piss myself” was all Olivia could think and say.

“Fuck….how much did you drink”

“I don’t know, like lots….all that water, the drinks, coffee this morning” Just roughly counting it was causing her bladder to scream as if it was finally realising what she was doing to it

“Oh……” Tara’s breathing was quickening again, the pee pouring out of her into an ever expanding puddle. The noise of her waterfall tormenting Olivia as it filled the room. “When was the last time you pee’d” she asked between desperate gasps.

Screwing her legs even tighter, Olivia tried to quickly reach her belt but it was no use. ”I don’t know, like 12 hours ago…” she said quietly at the floor.

“Holy……uh…..Oh god…..hhhuu” The realisation of just how much Olivia was holding along with the pee thundering out of her past her throbbing muscles caused Tara to cum again. “Fuck…meeeeee!” she yelled in the small room as her body exploded in pleasure for the second time in a minute. Her contracting muscles causing her pee to shoot out of her with each spasm, spraying almost a meter across the room and splattering noisily against the door of one of the stalls.

Still writhing in pain as her compressed bladder continued to shout at her, she passed on the message. “How much did you fucking drink Tara” the puddle enveloping the entire floor of the small room, going under the doors of each of the cubicles. It took several moments for Tara to respond, her mind still in a haze. “I..have….no idea. But that was amazing, I cant see straight” Finally the torrent coming out of her ended, the tortuous sound coming to a close “No I mean it….like that was the best orgasm I’ve ever had. Like two of the best, and its never happened without touching myself before”

Still clutching herself tightly but with a little more composure after Tara had finally stopped peeing, Olivia straightened slightly. “Glad I could help…” Tara moved towards Olivia, planting her lips on the crossed legged woman. Slowly her hand moved downwards, aiming to reciprocate the favour. Only for Olivia to move away from it, still clenching herself.

“Im sorry….im just….i’ve never done it with a woman before”

“could have fooled me” Tara joked, but she could see that Olivia was somewhat serious.

“Look, I do want it…..like a lot….but im sorry its just going to take a little bit of time to get used to this”

“No it’s ok, I get it” Tara was slightly disappointed, but she could live with it. Although she couldn't stop it pass across her face.

“So….” Olivia took a deep breath in, standing up straight after her still throbbing bladder stopped acting like a ticking time bomb. “What about dinner…..Saturday night?”

“Like a date?” Tara asked

“Yeah….I mean if you want that”

“I want that… like 100%” Tara said smiling

“Cool” Olivia blushed, she hadn’t asked anyone out before. It felt weirdly childlike, especially considering what had transpired in the still dripping bathroom. She pressed open the door “Should we make a move before they find us in here like this?” she looked at Tara, her skirt drenched and her panties about 10 shades darker than they were 5 minutes ago.

“Wait, don’t you want to use the bathroom, you looked like you were about to piss yourself a minute ago”

“I am seriously about to explode right here, you have no idea, but…..I know that me waiting to get home and the thought of me furiously crossing my legs in the taxi is going to drive you mad….and me, so looks like im going to have to hold it” Tara almost chocked, despite cumming twice just minutes earlier, she could feel the warmth growing between her hips again. Her eyes almost rolled back into her head as just the thought of it made her weak at the knees, but she scampered through the open door.

Neither of them made eye contact with the man behind the bar, Tara's skirt was still dripping as they gathered their belonging and made their way out to find a taxi or two.

“So……I guess I’ll see you at work tomorrow?” Olivia grinned.

“Shit I almost forgot that work was even a thing….Oh god how am I going to be able to concentrate after all of this”

“You are a professional…..a sexy one at that…..so you will just do your job like any other day”

“So…by day we will be lawfirm secretaries and by night we will be star crossed lovers”

“Exactly” Olivia replied…..”Now, im literally about to piss myself on the street right here, so im going to grab a taxi right now”

“Oh god….why do you have to do that to me”

“Its fun to watch you squirm, lets see if I make it home dry” Olivia said suggestively, raising an eyebrow and laughing at the involuntary growl Tara let out.

“But seriously, im going to head off……this was fun….I cant wait to do it again on Saturday”

Rushing to her Taxi Olivia wasn’t lying about the state of her bladder, the cold air was only making things 10 times worse as her bodies contents weighed heavily on her. She was only 10 minutes from her apartment but it was going to feel like 100. Getting in the back of the cab she suddenly realised she smelt like Tara’s pee. The faint aroma coming off her clothes and shoes, she really hoped that the driver wouldn’t smell anything, or at least that he wouldn't think it was her. As the car set off she violently crossed her legs as tight as possible, getting in the back meant that she at least had the freedom to cross her legs and hold herself when it came to that. Placing a hand on her distended bladder she could feel it, rock hard and completely full now. More spasms started to rush through her body, each one causing her to squirm in the leather seats.

She was almost there, she could practically see her apartment from here. What had started 10 minutes ago as a series of mild spasms had quickly changed into a tremendous and painful pressure in her abdomen. Without the distraction of Tara she was now all to aware of the constant throbbing of her bladder. Her body spasmed again violently, tears started to form at the corners of her eyes as she was force to bend over. A concerned look from the driver in the rear-view mirror told her all she needed too know, it must be painfully obvious what was going on. Although he was probably more worried about needing to clean his car than her well being, thankfully he said nothing about it though. Finally the car came to a stop at her apartment, she quickly handed him some money telling him to keep the change and rushed towards the building. Each step absolute agony for her bladder as her high heels clacked along the pavement.

Somehow she made it into the building dry, making her way to the lifts (elevators) she pressed the button. Furiously pee dancing, waiting for them to arrive she no longer cared who saw her do this. It was simple, if she stopped she would pee. Despite that, being so close was somehow a blessing and a curse, her body so desperate to relieve itself was setting up for just that even without a toilet in sight. But, being so close was giving her mental resolve and the extra help it needed, just 2 more minutes was all she needed as she danced on the ground floor. The lift finally arrived and she hammered the 12th floor button, now on her own she pressed on hand to her crotch and then used the other to finally free herself from the confines of her belt.

Even as the latch was still undoing, the immense pressure behind it forced it from her grip and threw it across the lift. Her bladder spilling forth able to bulge to its truly monstrous proportions. Her shirt buttons popped off as the mass of liquid forced its way outwards, her tight shirt unable to handle the extra girth of her distended bladder. It felt like heaven to Olivia, the pressure within her subsiding, although the ever pressing need to pee was still there. The liquid inside her threatening to burst forwards with every second, her muscles were tied after a full day of holding. Olivia wasn’t sure how much longer she could last.

The lift announced it had arrived at her floor, leaving the discarded belt on the floor she all but ran for her room. As soon as the key turned she nearly smashed the door in, rushing for the bathroom. Kicking her heels across the hallway she padded her way past her room in her tights, unzipping her trousers and dropping them where she walked. Oh god, she was about to burst but without the pain her belt was causing her, it felt so good. The clock in the hall showed 8.14, she had not peed in almost 13 hours.

In fact…she was just 6 minutes away from having achieved that. Sweat building on her skin, just meters away from the toilet she paused. Was she really going to deprive herself from peeing for the sake of 6 minutes. She felt wetness spread across her thighs as she rubbed them together, although she wasn’t entirely sure of what type. Her newly distended bladder was now pressing on something inside her, the same feeling she started to feel in the competition was building inside her. Each movement causing discomfort and pleasure to ripple through her body. Caught in a battle of needs, she put a hand on her crotch and that was all it took to decide. The slightest touch sent waves of pleasure through her, the earlier feelings of lust and sheer hornyness resurfacing.

Grabbing her laptop while pressing on herself slightly she opened it, www.pornh...

She paused again. Her body convulsing in one need or the other as she deleted it. www.weakestlink.com

There it was, front of the page, her and the other contestants writhing in pain. Opening the recording of her round she began gently stoking herself, watching the images of the other women being pumped full of liquid and ready to explode. First it was Katy, rubbing faster Olivia almost came as the beautiful woman on the stage burst and pee flowed out of her purple dress. “Oh….fuck”, Olivia moaned deeply, slowing her pace as to not climax too soon. Next, poor scarlet put up a good fight but as she watched her jeans darkened and soon Amanda followed suit, almost exploding with pee. The force of the accident causing Olivia to press harder on her vagina, desperate to feel the fast flow of the water against her.

The final three, she was watching herself now, bloated even more than she was now and being pumped full of even more water. She remembered the feeling, her current pleasure spiking as black dots started to form in her vision, her head feeling light. She was fast approaching a cliff she couldn’t come back from “Not yet…” she whimpered to herself. Her hand only just obeying, keeping her perilously close to the edge without going over it. Next was the black haired beauty that was Claudia, you could hear the hiss of her pee as it soaked through her panties even on the recording. Olivia's head was swimming in pleasure, more pleasure than she had ever felt before and she hadn’t even finished yet.

Finally as she watched on, she locked eyes with herself on the screen writhing in pain and clutching her distended bladder until the pee rushed out of her and Alex more or less at the same time. The clothes darkening as litres and litres of pee ejected itself from them on her screen. This was the final straw, she exploded where she sat, the world went black as she slid the same fingers she had used to pleasure Tara earlier into herself this time. “OHHHH FFFUUUUCCCCCKKKK! “ Olivia came hard, her head in the clouds as wave after wave of pleasure exploded within her. Her mind blank, unable to think of anything other than the mind bending orgasm she was having, the pleasure still radiating out of her for seconds. She was almost convulsing, the sheer force of her muscle contractions causing her hole body to shake.

“FFuuuCk”, “Fuck”, “Fuck” she repeated, with each convulsion forcing her torso to contract and her head to nod forwards, while her eyes still rolled back into her head.

Finally after what felt like minutes her orgasm started to calm down, her limp body somehow now on the floor, her back leaned up against the foot of her bed and limbs limply resting on the floor. Blinking the ecstasy out of her mind she lifted her hand to move her now matted hair from her sweating face. She noticed it was wet, looking down she was sitting in the biggest puddle of pee she had ever seen. Clearly the orgasm had been too much for her tired and maxed out bladder, thankful she had a wooden floor in this room she could see the puddle had gone absolutely everywhere.

Spreading for meters in all directions from her exhausted and now soaking wet body, it had gone under the bead, the cupboard and even into the connected bathroom. Looking over at the pile of laundry in the corner, they too had soaked up a large amount of her pee, spreading upwards through each piece of absorbent clothing. Even the carpet in the hall almost 3 meters away was now wet, but what surprised her most was the water dripping from the wall. Opposite her she could see the distinct splatter of pee almost 4 feet off the floor, a pattern similar to what Tara had done in the bar toilets, but seemingly much more forceful.

“Holy Fuck” she repeated, “How the hell” she laughed letting her head fall backwards exhausted. It seemed as if her need and the power of her orgasm had forced the pee from her like a cannon, spraying the wall meters away. She was somewhat shocked but mainly impressed by her ability to do that, and more than that she was also desperate to do it again.

She stood, her legs shaking and numb. Her completely drenched underwear and shirt clinging tightly to her Glistening wet skin. “Well, this is going to take some cleaning” Grabbing an already dirty towel from the pile she set about removing the evidence of her massive accident.

###

Thanks for reading, I really hope you liked this chapter.

It's much more "adult" than some of the other chapters but I wanted to try something a bit different.

As you can probably tell by the length I really enjoyed writing this chapter, so part 2 of Olivia is looking to be along similar Lewd lines.

To be continued...
