The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition) - Page 2

Author: Markj9494

*035*2020-01-28 21:00

Chapter 10: Gaming the system (Amanda)

6 weeks to go

Amanda had left the show in pieces, her bladder physically exploding with a ferocity even greater than the final two after she forced it closed beyond its limit. For the next three days, even a single glass of water had made her feel desperate to pee in less than an hour. Amanda had taken her body well beyond its limits and she was worried that she had caused physical damage, such was her determination not to pee and win the show. When the announcement about the sedative failure came out, she was furious and sure that it was what caused her loose. If she hadn’t gotten any as she assumed she hadn’t, it meant that she had held twice as much as some of the others without its help.

The offer of a rematch was tempting to her, to show everyone what she could do with a level playing field. Although after that painful experience she wasn't sure if she wanted to put herself through all of that again, especially since who could guarantee the same issue wouldn’t happen again? But maybe if she could come up with her own way of gaming the system and helping herself, then she might be able to tip the balance to the rightful place of her being at the top.

Luckily as a science teacher at college Amanda had the brains and the opportunity to develop something. She didn't know exactly what she needed, perhaps she could recreate the sedative the show uses and give herself a dose of it before it started? Possibly a muscle stimulant to strengthen her pelvic floor too? Opening one of her medical text books Amanda began to formulate an idea. As far as she could tell, the drugs the show used must be a type of Tolterodine or Darifenacin. These compounds are used to treat urinary incontinence by suppressing the urge to pee and stopping muscle spasms. This sounded exactly like how the drugs had been described to the contestants before the show.

The first mystery was solved, but Amanda was thinking of upping the game from what they had been given by the show. A combination of drug compounds would likely yield better results for what she wanted. Further reading revealed that pseudoephedrine might be the next stop on her tour of bladder capacity improving drugs. A note at the bottom of the medical book clearly told her that this type of drug hadn’t been passed by any medical institution to treat incontinence or in her case win tv shows. Despite this, Amanda added it to the list, highlighting the drugs ability to aid in the retention of urine by constricting the sphincter muscle and relaxing the bladder wall.

These actions would reduce urine leakage due to abrupt increases in pressure, just like when the pumps would activate she thought to herself. A final ingredient of mirabegron was selected, this drug worked by relaxing the bladder muscle during the storage phase, thus increasing the capacity of bladder to hold more urine. These three drugs might be the perfect combination of increasing capacity, reducing the urge to pee and helping relax her muscles. It could take some fine tuning but she was sure she would be able to create the perfect balance of the three. Logging into the college services she quickly placed an order for the following day, making sure to pay it with her card so no one became suspicious about random costs for her department.

The next day Amanda made it into college extra early, picking up her package and setting about her experiment. She would start small with the doses but needed a way of measuring their relative impact per gram of each drug. Carefully she broke each tablet down into a fine powder of which she measured out exactly 10 grams, but now she needed something to mix them with and find a way to measure their impact. After a moment of contemplation she went out into the campus and bought a large pack of 12 water bottles, that was 6 litres. Carrying them back into lab she noted the time as 7.55 and started drinking.

While walking the campus she had come up with the perfect plan, she would drink 2 litres of water and then measure her output of pee and rate her discomfort / need every two hours. She had had her morning pee a little while ago and had a couple of glasses of water in her from breakfast, but she doubted that would impact the results too much. Sighing as she placed the last bottle down she patted her now rather full stomach, weirdly enjoying the empirical study she was carrying out on herself.

Refilling the 2 litres she had drunk she unscrewed the caps of 3 bottles, carefully pouring each of the powders into one and writing the tablets name on the bottle. Her first class was at 8.15 and ran for 1 hour 45, the small break at 10 giving her the perfect opportunity to visit the bathroom and repeat the experiment each time with a different drug. She guessed that the small dosages also meant they would wear of quickly, metabolizing and being removed from her body in the very pee she was using them to measure. Walking quickly to her class she placed the water in her desk and prepared for the lesson.

First period went by uneventfully. Halfway through the need to pee had hit her, but she knew she could manage. By the end she was standing with her legs slightly crossed but she didn’t think she was being obvious about her need. Even though 2 liters was a lot and she was sure soon her bladder would be really complaining, it would take a bit of time for the rest of the water to reach it. As the buzzer ran a sense of giddy enjoyment ran through her, time for the next stage of her plan. She had 10 minutes before the next class. Waiting for the students to leave she grabbed the next 2 litres, a measuring flash she took from the lab and the first drug, the mirabegron.

Plopping down on the toilet, Amanda took out her notebook and the jug , placing it beneath her and peeing forcefully into it for about 30 seconds. Thinking about it she didn’t really have a discomfort scale to go by, but she would put herself at a 6 in terms of need to pee and maybe a 3 in discomfort, she could always change it later. She had defiantly needed to pee, but she could probably have dealt with that level of feeling for a while longer. 687ml, not the biggest pee of her life but still a reasonable amount. Finishing off her notes she quickly poured the pee down the toilet and started chugging the next 2 litres.

The next class went similarly to the first, although she defiantly noticed that despite her bladder bulging slightly her need to pee was less than It was in the first control round. She managed to stand confidently with her legs apart the entire time, no need for pee dancing or any sort of movement to help her hold. Even as the class ended her need to pee was noticeable less than time, staying behind to help a couple of students that were struggling with certain aspects of the class. Their test was in a little over a month away, so despite wanting to go and measure her pee and keep up her meticulous time scale, she stayed behind. Luckily it was now lunch time so she had plenty of time to get to the bathroom.

15 minutes later, she rushed out of the room and towards the staff bathrooms one again. Inside she repeated the process, Need to pee was at maybe a 4, discomfort at a 3 like before, but her 40 second pee was almost a litre at 941ml. That was a strong indication these drugs could work. Giving herself a 30 minute lunch break she returned to her classroom 10 minutes before the next lesson to down her water. It was a little harder this time because she was so well hydrated. But still she forced down the water, including the pseudoephedrine laced bottle. Her stomach was feeling heavy now, a sign that there might have been more water in her than before. She still had quite a bit to process and even as the class started to file in she felt the barest sensation of needing to pee.

An hour later Amanda really needed to visit the ladies room, she could defiantly feel the ball of pent up urine in her, looking down it was starting to bulge out of her abdomen. Nowhere near as much as it had in the show, but as someone not used to seeing it there at all, it was a bit of a shock. She crossed her legs and tried to forget about it, but 20 minutes later the need to pee had intensified dramatically. She had started to pace around the class, a few people had picked up on the fact that something was off with her, but none seemed to be paying that much attention. She was finding it peculiar though, she knew she needed to pee and yet she didn’t necessarily feel “Uncomfortable” or really desperate.

Maybe it was just her brain still sending the right signals that she was full, without her bladder responding properly. Was this what the drug was supposed to do? she wasn’t to convinced by it so far. Another 10 minutes crawled past, with the exam so close most of her students were busy studying or doing practice papers and that gave her plenty of time to think about her situation. Did she need to pee badly or not, her body was sending her mixed signals in the literal sense. Either way she took this time to sit behind her desk and tightly cross her legs. Amanda stayed like that until the end of the class, as the buzzer rung she stood up quickly to usher the students out.

The sudden movement shifted the mass of liquid within her, she winced as she physically felt it swish around inside her and yet again, there was no discomfort or peak in her need to pee. Gathering her equipment she made her way back to the staff bathroom to finish off this section of the test. Need to pee was a solid 8 right now, the extra water and time at lunch must have caught up with her. Discomfort however was at a 3, maybe even a 2. She felt like she could physically hold this amount for hours longer even if her brain was telling her should couldn’t. Peeing into the measuring forcefully again, moments after managing to get it in position, 989ml, just under a litre.

Amanda grabbed the last 2 litres and began chugging them down as quick as possible, she only had 3 minutes till her next and final class of the day. This was the same drug as they gave her in the show so she was already fairly certain she knew how this one would feel. That is, if she even got any of it. Walking back to class she was surprised to see some students already in a line outside her room. Apologising to them she let them and started preparing. This lesson was a practical session on titration, asking for help from some of the early students she began putting out the large flasks and cylinders needed.

Despite being surrounded by the sounds of dropping water slowly hitting small pools of acid, Amanda found herself completely distracted from her need to pee. She was surprised when the buzzer wen’t signalling the end of the day. It had been two hours and her need to pee was still minimal. She could see that she was physically rather full by the bulge that had reappeared in her abdomen, but she was barely feeling any sensation. These drugs must work really well she thought to herself.

“Ok class, looks like that’s it for today. I hope you all have a nice weekend and I will see you all next week.”

As she was clearing away her equipment she started to wonder just how much they worked. At her current rate she was pretty sure she could make it home, she might even be able to wait longer after that. So 45 minutes later she walked out to her car still unrelieved. There was defiantly a bit more of a need now, but she was sure she could make it home. Unfortunately, her body had other ideas, as the 20 minute drive home was a bit more eventful than Amanda had planned.

The need to pee came on so fast and suddenly it took her completely off guard. She had gone from a 2/10 to a solid 10/10 in about 10 minutes. Shuffling her legs as wildly as driving would allow she was now pressing on her crotch, the extra support suddenly needed to not flood her car. “They must have worn off she muttered”, taking her time at a red light to cross her legs and bounce in her seat. This was bad, the reality of her bladders state coming to her. Dam those drugs for working so well she thought to herself. She would have to remember this in the future, they might work but they had one hell of a drop off in effectiveness. A few minutes later the desperate Amanda pulled onto her driveway. Flinging the door open she gingerly made her way to the front door. Fumbling with the keys in one hand and pee dancing on the spot, she just about managed to get the keys in open the door still dry.

She rushed for the toilet, holding herself the entire way, she could feel her control slipping. Slamming her bathroom door open she didn’t even take her panties off, instead sitting down in them and using a finger to hook them to the side. The valuable seconds saving them from the inevitable downpour that was about to happen. As soon as her ass hit the seat she was peeing. "Ooooohhhhhh" she moaned in delight, her eyes shut for a moment. Opening them again she realised that not only was the toilet door still open, so was her front door. If someone was to walk in right now they could see her relieving herself, panting as the litres of pee escaped her. “Dam it"……she hadn’t measured it. The rush of getting in and not wetting herself had made her forget about the experiment. But there was still plenty of time to measure herself again. She sighed, the tension that had suddenly filled her body over the last 10 minutes ebbing away in her longest piss of the day.

1 week to go

Over the last 5 weeks Amanda had been experimenting with various amounts and ratio's of the drugs. A number of close calls, damp underwear and funny looks from students had given her the current ratio of 5 parts Darifenacin, 4 parts mirabegron to 3 parts pseudoephedrine and today's total was 480 grams. A large amount compared to the initial 10g of each she had started with, but it seemed as if they had somewhat of a diminishing return in their benefit. Amanda had also been upping her water intake to match, day 1 had been 2 litres every 2 hours but by last week she was up to 5 litres in the first 2 hours followed by a litre every hour. Totalling at 12 litres per day, a quantity that she made sure to carefully mix with a variety of salt, minerals and other chemicals to avoid any negative effects on her body.

Amanda was currently on her way in, finishing off the second bottle of water as she arrived. Today was an exam day and as such she had prepared. Carrying an extra bottle of water than last week she made her way into the classroom ready for the day to begin.

The first exam on inorganic chemistry came and went, if you had asked her to pick out the few students she didn’t think were going to pass she could have by just looking at their body language. Hunched and avoiding her eye contact as they walked past her at the end, she was sure she was going to see a couple of them next year for re-sits. As the room emptied she made a beeline for the toilet, she had to be quicker today because of the exams so despite her interest she had to forego the measuring and recording portions. Mental notes would have to do for now, so far there was little to no difference to yesterday to be fair.

She had been noticing a drop off in the effectiveness the more she took, maybe she was at the limit to what her body could take. A quick pee to reset her bladder she began walking back to the room, starting to quickly drink the next litre of water. The students began filing in and taking up their seats, she sighed to herself as she sat on one of the unoccupied desks, this was not why she became a teacher. This time it was a biology exam, flicking through the paper she picked out a question on the kidneys function and chuckled to herself, well she was testing that recently.

Once again the test came and went and so did her water rations, by the end of the 2 hours exam she was starting to feel her full bladder demanding some attention. It was now straining against her tight red skirt, but even though she could feel it pressing against her there was no discomfort as the drugs did their job.

As the exam came to an end, another examiner stood up.

“OK guys, if you would all please leave quietly. I know some of you are in the exam right after this because of the scheduling conflict, so if you could keep seated that would be great.”

Just three students remained sitting, picking them out Amanda identified them as Justin, Martin and Angelica. Neither Justin or Angelica were the brightest students in her mind, but she still gave them both a good change to pass without too many issues. Something she couldn’t say about Martin who she was slightly surprised had even turned up after missing so much of the year. If she had too, she would probably rate the others about equal, Justin as slightly higher grades wise than Angelica, but she really shone in the practical coursework. She would make a fine pharmacist one day Amanda thought to herself.

“Hi…Sorry” Martin spoke up. “Can I go to the bathroom please.”

Luke the other examiner walked over too him, “Yeah sure, but im afraid im going to have to accompany you.”Turning towards Amanda “Can you watch these till I get back, ill try not to be too long”

“Sure no problem” Amanda replied, although if she was honest she too would have liked to use the bathroom.

With that the two of them left the room, leaving her with just Justin and Angelica. “Sorry…..can I go too?” Angelica asked.

“Im sorry, you’re going to have to wait till they get back. I cant leave Justin here on his own and Luke cant take you.”

“Ok” she replied meekly. Amanda looked at her, she clearly needed to pee just like her, but Angelica wasn’t anywhere near desperate yet. Her short black hair waving across her face, she brushed it out of the way showing off her bright green eyes.

A few minutes passed and Angelica raised her hand again

“Im’ sorry but I really need to go”

“Like I said before, we will just have to wait until Luke is back, Sorry”

Yet more minutes passed and she began to worry what had happened to them. The mens room was only 30 seconds away and yet they had been gone for over 5 minutes, the test was set to begin at 14:00 and it was currently 13.58

14:00 rolled around with neither Amanda or Angelica getting the relief they needed. “Right guys, im sorry to say we are going to have to start the next exam, I m not sure what’s kept the others but we need to start on time anyway”

“But……” the petite short girl tried to object.

“I’m sorry, but im sure you can hold it. These are your finals and you are now 19 years old, so please just do your best and I’ll see if I can let you out a little bit earlier if you finish your test”

Her student looked worried, biting her rose red lips. She turned over the first page of the test and began writing. Where did the others get too.

Thirty minutes later Luke returned without Martin

“What the hell happened” she whispered to him

“The little sh*t had a cheat sheet for the test in the bathroom. I took him to Mr O’connel, I don’t think we will be seeing him again”

“Oh” was all the shocked Amanda could say, she pressed her thighs together.

A hand raised in the back.

“Please, I really need to visit the toilet” Angelica was now bobbing in her seat. Clearly her desperation had increased tenfold since the break. With more than an hour left Amanda was starting to worry about her, although a building pressure reminded her she was in the same boat. Her hands had started to sweat, was that normal? it hadn't happened before, maybe it was a side effect? or maybe thats just how badly her body needed to relieve itself.

“Im sorry, now the test has started we cant let you leave.” Amanda replied

“But its an emergency” Amanda could see tears forming in the eyes of the young woman as she pleaded.

“Im sure it is, but these are the rules. You will just have to try your best. Now please just get on with your test.” It had come out more stern than she meant it too, but the constant talk of bathrooms was not helping her either.

Angelica whined, tensing her thighs as the need to pee only increased with the knowledge she would have to sit there for the next hour and a half. She was desperate too pee, an all night-er filled with coffee and red bull was wreaking havoc in her bladder now. She crossed her legs and tried to concentrate on the test, something that was easier said than done with a full bladder.

At the front Amanda wasn’t doing much better, the heavy weight in her stomach pressing down with all its might, checking her watch it was 15:10 and having experimented with the drugs enough she knew they would be starting to wear off. Her concoction usually lasted 8 hours at the amount she was taking them, she had started drinking her water before she arrive this morning, 7 and a half hours ago. Amanda sat on a desk at the front, tightly squeezing her legs together before giving up and crossing them for added support. She cursed the formal attire that was required for these tests, her navy slacks were really digging into her bloated bladder. Despite how bad it was now, it was more the future she was worried about. She couldn’t really feel their impact that much at the moment but as the drugs wore off and the water she had continued to drink flowed through her, he would be in trouble shortly.

Angelica's bladder was hurting now, all ability to concentrate on the test had gone, she was in a fight for her dignity. Slowly the minutes passed as she watched the clock tick along. 25 minutes left, her legs were constantly vibrating beneath the small desk alternately bobbing up and down.... 20 minutes left, her left hand was constantly under the desk, pressing against her crotch as she breathed heavily in her seat.... 15 minutes left, Angelica's bloated bladder was now sticking out far enough that it was pressing against the hard wood of the desk. This was the worst day of her young life, how could the school do this to her.

How could the teachers do this to her! couldn’t they see how desperate she was, she was almost crying in pain and yet they didn't care. Her legs still vibrating, up and down as quick as possible, a rasping noise filled the room as her fidgeting caused her nylon clad legs to rub against each other. At 12 minutes the first hole in her defence appeared, a short spurt of pee warmed her underwear under her hand. ”Huuuuu” the strange high pitch noise coming out of her involuntarily as her underwear warmed and her thighs clenched as hard as they could in response.

“Please” she begged a tear rolling down her face

Amanda was in the same position as the young black haired girl in front of her, only just suppressing the urge to unload her swollen bladder right there on the floor. As Amanda had been watching it was as if their two bladders were connected, each time Angelica’s desperate antics increased because of her need, Amanda's followed suit. She clenched her teeth as she was forced to stop shaking her thighs together now a student was looking.

“Ok, are you sure you can’t hold on for 10 more minutes? Its almost over?”

“Miss, I cant…..I’m sorry.”

“Ok, well If you leave I cant let you come back in you know that yes?”

“Oh……yes I know that I don’t care anymore”

“Well, you should still care……but if you need to go that badly I suppose we can let you out a few minutes early.”

“If that’s ok with you Luke”

“Yes, that’s fine with me.”

Amanda looked at the desperate girl, tears rolling down her flushed face.

“Ok, well if you bring your test up to the front you can leave”

“Oh thank you! The young girl panted out” The exertion taking its toll.

Slowly the woman rose, hands clutching her distended bladder as she started to take short, slow and deliberate steps towards the front. She looked like she was worried that any sudden movement would spell disaster for her and her burstingly full bladder. Her thighs still pressing hard against each other, the display in front of her doing nothing to distract Amanda. After what seemed like forever she made it to the front, handing over her paper to Amanda.

“Thank you, now remember ot grab your things on the way out”

“Miss, im sorry can I get them, im really about to burst right here” Angelica winced as the omission seemed to make her bladder throb deeply within her.

“I’m really sorry, but you wont be allowed back in again like I said, your going to have to take them with you”

“But…miss”

“I’m sorry, I don’t make the rules” Amanda said, which was true but she did feel bad for her young student. But Amanda’s bladder sympathetically panged from inside her, the first shock of pain radiating through her bladder. The drugs were really starting to wear off now and she too was in trouble.

Tears rolling down Angelica's face, clutching her bladder through her summery green dress the young woman turned and started hobbling towards the back. This was the worst she had ever needed to pee her entire life. Each step cased the contents of her brimming bladder to shake inside her, another spurt escaped into her pants. A sob left her as she felt the wetness spread out in her underwear. Slowly but surely she made her way to the back of the room, 100m that felt like a mile for poor Angelica in her current state. Mournful sobs and gasps filled the room as she made her way to her locker, grabbing her coat and bag she was heading to the exit at the back of the room when she heard Amanda shout.

“Im really sorry Angelica, but you haven’t signed the front of your answer book”

A louder sob escaped her closed lips “Please miss, I can’t hold it….Please…..”

“Its ok, I’ll come to you.”

Angelica stood with her legs tightly crossed and hands firmly between her thighs moments from a disaster. Amanda dismounted the desk, her sudden movement shifted the mass of water inside her, causing her to double over and grab a chair for support. Slowly she followed in Angelica's footsteps to the back of the room, with slightly more composure but in just as much discomfort. It came with practice she supposed. Approaching the sobbing girl she noticed a couple of droplets of water underneath her, the green knee length dress showed no signs of any accident but they both knew the end was approaching.

“Here, just quickly write you name here, sign it and put your student number down and your free to go”

“Ok” with shaky hands Angelica grabbed her pen and started to write. She was in so much pain it wasn’t bearable, her bladder felt like it was just moments from exploding inside her. More tears ran down her delicate face as the pain spiked “Owww..” she whimpered.

“Ok, there we go Angelica, your ok to leave"

But the delays had been to much for her, unknown to Amanda and everyone else in the room, she had been leaking steadily for the last 10 seconds,even now she was free she already knew it was too late.

“Im sorry….”

A loud splattering filled the room as a downpour of pee came rushing out of the small petite young woman. It smelled overwhelmingly of coffee and energy drink, her puddle foaming as it spread out from the crying woman. It was pure torture for Amanda who watched her students accident rapidly unfolding in front of her. The deafening noise of pee hitting wood with some force filled the room, she instinctively grabbed herself through her trousers. Pivoting one leg and smashing her thighs together to stop any leaks, she felt her bladder pulse inside her. Amanda's body was now desperate to follow the young woman's example as she stood there still emptying herself.

Amanda was shocked by just how much the young girl had been holding, the foaming puddle spreading out in all directions, lapping up against her high heels, flecks of pee bouncing off the hard surface and hitting Amanda on the legs. She could physically see Angelica's swollen bladder deflating in front of her very eyes, how the young woman had contained so much she would never know. Finally after over a minute the young girl finished wetting herself in the now silent test room, the only noises being made by the drops still falling off Angelica's wet clothes and hitting her enormous puddle. Angelica was humiliated, she had wet herself at college, crying into her hands she wished she could just pop out of existence, rewind the day so this would never happen.

Slowly she came back to the room, realising that what she wished for would never happen. “Why….why couldn’t you just let me go earlier” The humiliation was giving way to anger now, “I said I had to go two hours ago and yet you didn’t let me. This is your fault” the young woman hissed at Amanda.

“I’m sorry, I was just following the rules”

“well, you could have made an exception instead of making me wet myself like this” she gestured to the massive puddle and her wet clothes before storming out of the room.

Amanda's bladder pulsed again, pressing her thighs together still in shock at the usually well mannered girl’s outburst. She was still stood in the ever expanding puddle, pee running between the cracks of the floorboards it was good thing they were on the ground floor.

“Ok, sorry about the disturbance Justin, we’ll give you an extra 5 minutes if you need them” chimed Luke, equally shocked by the spectacle that had just unfolded in front of him.

“Um….yeah ok” the student chimed up, he still had a couple of questions and it was safe to say that he had been distracted by everything that had just happened.

It was Amanda's turn to be in agony now, walking back to the front even slower as the contents of her bladder shook. The now wet high heels she was wearing putting an almost unbearable amount of pressure on her bloated bladder. For the first time she looked down at herself and was surprised to see just how much it was sticking out. It was almost as bad as it had been in the show, maybe even worse. A new shock wave went through her bladder, she was starting to doubt if she could make it to the end of the test either. Each second that ticked by felt like gallons of water was being added to her bladder, her body finally metabolising the last of the drugs. That meant she was starting to feel the full effect of all the water in her bladder for the first time that day. She had never held this much without them before, could she really manage? She decided not to try and test that theory.

“Luke, im just going to get a mop for the floor, we should probably clean it up before we leave” it was a ruse, she was going to accidentally fall into the toilets on her way past. Not that she thought Luke would care.

“Ok…oh wait, sorry we cant leave. There’s only Justin left”

“So..” her brain fogged by her need to pee

“Well, we are not supposed to be in a room one on one with a student remember. Not that I think anything would happen but I just don’t want to risk breaking the rules for a mop you know”

“Oh yeah…..good point” Amanda resigned herself to the fact that she too would have to wait until Justin finished. Looking at the clock it was 16.00 the test should be over, she should be rushing to find a toilet right now. Unfortunately, not letting Angelica out in time was coming back to bite her, Amanda's foot was now tapping on the floor until a look from Justin made her realise how loud it was in the otherwise silent room.

“Mmm,” Another spasm rocked her body, they were coming quicker and quicker now. Like contractions but instead of a human she was birthing litres of water. Crossing her legs she rested a hand on her crotch, trying not to look like she was holding herself, while also…holding herself. Amanda’s need to pee increased in leaps and bounds over the next five minutes but somehow she survived, still dry.

“Ok Justin, im afraid that’s all the extra time we can give you, please come and put the paper at the front. Make sure you have signed it and put your student number on the front and well done.” Luke gave him a little pat on the back as they walked to the front. “Ok, Amanda I’ll grab the papers if you want to go look for the mop now?”

“Yes!” she said it way to enthusiastically, getting a raised eyebrow from her colleague. “Sorry…..I’ll go find one right now.” Starting off slowly she left the room heading towards the staff room, but a spasm made her realise she wasn’t going to make it upstairs in time. Out of sight of the room she started running as fast as her heels would allow to the girls room. She could feel her control slipping by the second, she just hoped that if she was quick enough what ever remnants of the drugs in her system would help her hold long enough.

Running into the corridor with the toilet in sight she suddenly thought….I should measure this. Pausing for a moment, she took a left instead of a right, running towards her room. She threw her desk open, grabbing just the measuring jug she headed out. She didn’t need the journal, everything was a 10, need to pee 10, discomfort 10, seconds left probably about 10. Almost sprinting into the toilets she felt the slightest of dribbles leave her, locking the door she fumbled with her clothes pulling everything down in one swoop and just getting the jug in place before her pee burst forwards out of her.

“OH!....Oh…..oh…..” she sighed again, finally letting her body take over, the pee shot out of her with an even greater velocity than before. She had always been a forcefull pee’er but when she was holding this much it only seemed to enhance the situation. Minutes passed as still she pissed into the jug which was becoming heavy in her hands. At risk of wetting herself, she had to use both hands to hold the liquid filled jug.

Finally it ended and Amanda could see that she had almost filled the jug. 4.2 litres! “Wow” she couldn’t suppress her surprise. That was a lot of pee! How had she held all that, maybe the drugs hadn’t worn off? Could it be that they were still working and it was the sheer volume that she had been holding that caused such discomfort? How was her body even possible of holding this much, it was more than double her previous record. Although that had been from just two hours and half the amount of liquid. Slumping on the toilet in relief, she failed to notice a shadowy figure pass the entrance of the toilets.

5 minutes earlier…

Angelica was just coming out of the toilets when she heard Amanda’s heel clacking quickly across the floor. She saw her teacher run past, clearly exhibiting the same signs that she had before wetting herself in the hall. Yet, Amanda paused before coming towards her and darted off in a different direction, where was she going?

Following behind Amanda she followed her back to her teaching room, why was she going there? After a few moments Amanda re emerged from the room and darted towards the toilets she had just ran past. Ducking into an alcove as to not be seen, she stepped into Amanda's room.

“What were you up too” she muttered to herself.

Looking around the room nothing looked out of place, except her desk seemed to be open. Opening the unlocked door fully she was surprised to see a selection of empty litre bottles, some strange powders and a notebook. Taking a mental image of how it looked so she could replace everything perfectly afterwards, she grabbed the notebook. Opening it she was surprised at what she saw, copious notes on Amanda’s bladder functions, names of drugs she wasn’t even sure what they were. But after reading through weeks worth of pages she was starting to understand, Amanda was going to cheat on the show! Angelica had got her, she should totally hand her in and get her disqualified….then she had an even better idea to get her own-back.

1 day to go

After her near miss last week, Amanda was being careful with her dosages. A new development was a 2 part administering. She took 360g of her drug cocktail, followed an hour later by another 240g. That would ensure a more gentle slope of it leaving her system and giving her time to adapt to it herself. Today was the last day of college before Easter break, most of her classes today would be easy with the exams over and most coursework in, she looked forward to the casual lessons.

Arriving earlier than normal to prepare her dosages she was surprised to see she wasn’t the first one in. Why anyone else would be in this early was beyond her, don’t people know it’s the end of term. Walking through the silent corridors she noticed that despite the cars outside, the building still seemed empty. Setting her nerves about getting caught to ease she walked into the lab.

Carefully taking out the remaining tablets she began crushing them in a pestle and mortar, upturning them into a small pile on the table. Suddenly Amanda heard the faint thud of the doors outside the lab open and closing, “Sh*T” if someone found her like this she could be in real trouble. Quickly she grabbed a nearby box and covered her work, trying to look nonchalant…..but.... no one came through, she must be imagining things. Giving it another 2 minutes she uncovered her work and quickly set about measuring out the right dosages.

Dzzz dzz, Amanda's phone buzzed in her pocket startling her. “Hello?”

“Hi Amanda, sorry its Dawn at reception I think your car alarm is going off”

“Oh ok, sorry I’ll be right out”

She didn’t want to leave the powders out in the open, but then again it’s a science lab, this sort of thing wasn’t that weird for this room. As long as no one looked too closely she was sure it would be fine. Rushing out of the room and towards her car she could hear the faint alarm in the distance. Turning off the alarm with her key she went to check if her car was ok, a large branch had seemingly fallen off the tree nearby and landed on it. Thankfully, there didn’t seem to be any damage. Moving the branch off her car and giving it another once over she walked back to the lab.

Meanwhile…

Angelica’s plan had worked perfectly. She had spent that last week watching Amanda and planning for this moment, she was about to get revenge. Waiting for Amanda to leave the room after setting her car alarm off she crept into the lab. The timing couldn’t have been better, there on the desk was the incriminating evidence. Slowly she took out a small bag of powder and placed it on the side. Next she took a spoonful of the mixed powder that Amanda had prepared and quickly threw it down the drain, washing away any remnants. Finally she took the bag of similarly coloured white powder and carefully mixed it with the mound in front of her.

“This will teach her, What goes around comes around”

Amanda quickly returned to the Lab and thankfully found everything just had she had left it. Splitting the powder into the two doses for tomorrow she carefully poured them into two small bottles of water. Rather than her usual litre bottles, she opted for 2 330ml bottles to minimise her intake before the show started. She was about to mix another dose when she thought better of it, maybe she should giver her bladder a rest for a day. Screwing the lids back on the bottles she placed them in her bag and tidied her stuff away.

The day went about as expected, most students weren’t that interested in doing anything academic today and she wasn’t about to make them. The only strange thing was that in her last session of the day. Angelica, the student who had wet herself last week was staring at her. Watching intently as she sipped her water, it was kind of creeping her out. But the session ended and a strangely disappointed looking Angelica left her class. She spent the evening brushing up on her trivia, something she should probably have done more of but she wasn’t worried with the ace up he sleeve.

She woke early the next morning to prepare, the filming started at 11 but the women were told to arrive by 10 for sound checks as well as hair and makeup. Taking her morning pee she fished the two bottles of water out of her bag. “Bottoms up and heres to winning” she said to herself. The first bottle disappears quickly and an hour later the second bottle laid empty as well. Taking another precautionary pee before leaving she selected a pair of tight light blue leggings and a long black top, When she arrived at the studio she was surprised to find that she was the first one there, walking around for a little while her nerves were starting to get the better of her. What if they did a drug test this time? They didn’t last time but what if they did? Was what she had done illegal?

Thankfully for her sanity Olivia arrived soon after and the pair went for a small coffee to pass the time and wait for the others. She wasn’t sure that it was a good idea but Olivia somehow convinced her to join in. Feeling a little tired it didn’t take much to convince her.

A little while later the others arrive and now they just had to wait for the contest to start.

Hi guys, slightly different way of training in this chapter but I hope you liked it just the same.

Also I’m sure I don’t need to say this but just as a disclaimer, while the drugs in this part might be based off real ones their affects are completely fictional!

Next contestant up is Claudia.

