The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition) - Page 2

Author: Markj9494

*039*2020-02-02 23:31

Chapter 11: April showers (Claudia)

Claudia had left the competition feeling fairly good about herself, third place was good enough for her. She had been beaten by two very strong bladder’d and strong willed women, watching from the side-lines as they went head to head with their bladders, taking them well beyond any normal limits. The extent their bladders had bulged out of their bodies had shocked her, she had never seen anything like it but it showed the true extent that these women were going to in order to win.

When the scandal broke it suddenly made sense to her, there was no way anyone could have gotten that full without an overdose on whatever “safe” chemicals they were giving them. Thinking about it, did that mean that she had a chance of winning the rematch? If they had only gotten that far with the extra chemicals then was she the true winner. She had been so shocked when both Alex and Olivia had taken the extra litre before she wet herself on the stage, neither cracking under the immense pressure. Was she cheated from winning the game at the last moment by some stupid mistake by the show? Claudia was still impressed by the sheer willpower of the two women and knew neither could be considered at fault, but it did mean their win might have been illegitimate. A fact that made Claudia more confident than ever in her chances of winning the rematch, although with 6 weeks she was sure that the other contestants would be training for this.

6 weeks to go until the rematch

Her job as a weather girl at her local TV station would simultaneously make things harder, but also easier in some ways. She only worked 6am till 10am but that was 4 hours where she knew she wouldn’t be able to visit the toilet, so she wouldn't be able to risk training in the mornings. But at the same time it also gave her the rest of the day to do whatever she wanted.

Returning back to work had been weird though, it seemed like everyone at the station had seen the episode she was in. They had banners congratulating her for coming third, the occasional joke about her never needing to pee at work again seemed a little close to sexual misconduct for her liking. Although It seemed like they had taken the whole thing well, but it was still strange to have so many friends or work colleagues talking about her bodily functions. She kind of just wanted them to forget about it all, but that was unlikely to happen with the rematch on the cards.

Today was Friday and that meant she had two full days of free time, plus the rest of today to do what she wanted.

“That’s all from me here at the studio, but to stay up to date on all things weather over the weekend head over to our website or use the app.”

“Thanks Claudia, our final story of the day, why did the chicken cross the road. Well it turns out to visit his friend the Donkey. A heart warming now viral video has………

Claudia stepped off the screen as the light went off on her camera.

“That was a great take, perfect as always”

“Thanks George” he was the main reason that working here was so tolerable, well all the staff in her immediate department were. They were all so lovely, she might make more money at a larger news channel but they always look so much more stressed and unhappy. For her, this was the perfect job.

“Got any plans for the weekend?” she asked

“Yeah its my Sisters in law’s birthday so I think we are going out into the country for a family get away”

“Oh that sounds nice, are they the ones you get on well with?”

“Ah…no” he chuckled. “These are the posh side of the family. Flat caps and shotguns sort”

Handing over her lapel microphone to the sound guy mike chimed up.

“Posh twats you mean”

“Mike!” Claudia exclaimed

“No….he’s right. If they weren’t married to my sister I would not spent any time with them if I could. Not my sort of crowd.”

“Well, hopefully you will still find some way of having fun George”

“Yeah, there’s a wine tasting and plus I quite enjoy accidentally sneezing really loudly while we are out hunting”

“Hahaha…Ooops” Claudia had laughed quite loudly, hopefully not loudly enough to be picked up in the background noise on the microphones aimed at the presenters.

“Anyway im going to head out guys, enjoy your weekends”

“Thanks Claudia, you too” they both replied.

Walking out of the broadcast building she checked her phone, almost 11am. Despite having worked this job for more than 3 years, it was still kind of odd to be done with work by this time. Sure she had to get up at 4.30 every day to do it, a fact that killed almost all of her social life, but it wasn’t a bad deal.

A few hours of shopping and errands later, she arrived home having picked up the supplies she needed for her weekend plans. Not quite wine tasting and hunting but this was the first weekend since the show and she was ready to start improving her bladder. It had been easy going the rest of the week, she would drink a couple of glasses of water before the show, enough to make her feel a need to pee but not get desperate. She was fairly sure she could hold the amount still in her bladder almost indefinitely, Thinking about it she could feel a light pressure in her bladder from this mornings, a reminder she should probably pee before starting this. Walking over to her bathroom she sat down sighing, part of her wondering if this was a good idea or not.

After emptying herself out, Claudia walked over to her shopping picking up one of the bags and grabbed the special lock out of it. It had take a while to find one that would fit her bathroom door but she had managed to get one ordered. Taking out of the packet she began reading the instructions, it seemed fairly simple. It was a timed lock with a keypad that let you enter in the amount of time you wanted to wait before it unlocked. Examples on the box included lock boxes for phones, cabinets with the tv remotes in but no bladder training examples for some strange reason.

Screwing it onto the door frame she checked her phone again, it was almost 2pm. Her plan was to start out easy, setting the dial for 5pm she clicked it shut.

“Well that is that” she said out loud as her bladders fate was sealed for the next 3 hours, it would just have to hold anything and everything she put into it. She lived in quite a quiet neighbourhood, so there were no shops, hotels or anything she could run too if it got too much either, but in this case that was a bonus. Picking up the rest of her shopping she took out the 48 bottles of Coke, strangely it wasn't the first time she had brought home such a big case.

Claudia had always had a sweet tooth and despite her amazing figure was addicted to the sweet tastes of soda drinks. Unscrewing the top off the first 330ml bottle, she started to chug it down. Her plan was to repeat this every 30 minutes until the time was up, a total of 1,980ml which was about the same as she held in the show before the round that finished her off. Changing into a pair of jogging bottoms Claudia threw herself onto the couch, with alarms set for each half an hour and the bottles in front of her all she had to do was wait.

Two and a half hours later Claudia was done waiting, her legs double crossed and thrashing about, up and down they moved repeatedly as she fought the waves of desperation from the coke that wanted its way out of her. It had started slowly but had now built to unbearable levels, her face sweating as she sat on her couch trying to use the next episode of the bake off to keep her mind off her bladder. As usual, despite her dire need to pee, looking at her toned stomach revealed little evidence of the battle that was going on inside of her. Checking her phone again…..4.32, “dam it” she cursed out loud, only two minutes had passed since she last checked. The raging waters within her making every second feel like an eternity to her.

The coffee table caught her eye, two unopened bottles still stood there, fizzing gently in their bottle the bubbles building up pressure within them. Unlike her bladder the plastic was more than strong enough to deal with it, but she was already 2 minutes late on starting the bottle she should have had at 4.30. One hand jammed into her crotch and the other holding her stomach, she wasn’t sure she could handle another drink. Slowly she reached forwards and grabbed the bottle, it wont even reach my bladder by 5 so really it shouldn’t make much difference she told herself. While that was true, as soon as she put the open bottle to her lips her bladder pulsed strongly within her as if it didn’t have the same faith in that fact.

A third of the bottle was gone, but her bladder was now spasming with every swallow. “This is crazy” she said to herself screwing the lid back on and placing it down. She was testing her bladder not trying to make it explode, Looking at her phone again 4.40 “Fu*k” she exclaimed loudly, sitting back on the couch. Her second hand joined the first between her legs as she waited for time to pass. Ok, so 20 minutes..that like 2 10 minutes….or 4 five minutes, she could last 4 five minutes couldn't she? It was the sort of flawed logic that had gotten her through boring lessons at school, but this time it was her own body she was fighting. Trying to stay dry rather than not fall asleep in class. Another pulse from her bladder caused her to double over on the sofa, her legs now still for the first time in almost 30 minutes. There she stayed, the bent posture and hands forced into her crotch seemingly helping to subside the never ending pulses for some reason.

Just 3 five minutes to go, that wasn’t much time at all! From her bent posture she was almost worried that moving would undo all her hard work, maybe she would have to stay like this until the timer was up and then rush in. At 2 five minutes to go she felt another more substantial spasm tore through her body. “Oh…Fu*k” she whispered into her knees. “Ok that’s it, that things got to have an emergency release button.” Standing slowly, putting one hand on the arm rest and pulling herself up she walked hunched to the bathroom door. The metal timed lock displaying a big number 7, that’s all she had to wait.

Another pulse drew an anguished grunt from Claudia who stood with her legs pressed tightly together. Desperately she searched the device for a little button, anything marked release but to her dismay there wasn’t one. Maybe it was a key combination, or does she just need to hold the ok button for 10 seconds, there had to be something! She was seconds from her pee pouring out onto her carpeted floor and making a hell of a mess that she wasn’t prepared to deal with. Putting her hand up to the keypad to try messing with it a voice in the back of her head told her not too, what if she made it worse. She wasn’t sure how much worse it could get, but what if she locked the door forever, she would never be able to pee at home again!

Another pulse, this time it was too much for her tired muscles and a small dribble escaped. Claudia’s legs crossed tightly at lightning speed, crushing her other hand between them painfully. 3 minutes was now displayed on the lock, but she couldn’t hold on that long, the end was near and she knew it. Another spurt of pee escaped her grasp leaving a wet feeling on her hand, she was wetting herself and needed to do something now. Looking up she spotted her Kitchen, at least that was tiled floor. One hand still crushed between her thighs she waddled her way over to the cold tiled kitchen. A third spurt escaped into her clothing, the final moments of control She grunted in effort of stopping the pee that was starting to escape her over burdened bladder, but her muscles just didn’t have the strength too.

A river of pee started to flow out of her “Sh*t”. Without quite realising what she was doing she grabbed a container off the draining board and dropped into a squat over it, peeing forcefully through her black sweatpants. She sighed in relief as her bladder finally relaxed, “Oh….what…..of course…” only now realising that she was peeing into a cooking pot, “of course this is how I spend my weekends”, cursing herself for not using the bin or something else. Still she peed, the sound of pouring water filling a saucepan filled the house as her bladder emptied. Claudia's pee tapered off after 40 seconds and she lifted the pot up, it had to have been almost half full. A loud beeping noise followed by a clunk told her that the lock had finally opened, just 2 minutes too late for her sweatpants. Thankfully the black colour hid her shame, but she had some work to do if she wanted to make it 3 hours next time.

1 week to go

Claudia sighed, putting the now empty bottle of coke on the counter in front of her. It had been an hour since she had started today's test, but her weeks of training meant that she barely felt anything at the moment. Despite being 3 bottles down she was feeling fine and about to head out for a run in the mountains. While she enjoyed her job, it was still quite stressful and keeping active helped her unwind. She had tried signing up for the local gym but people soon recognised her, taking photos of her and sharing them online for the trolls to comment on.

She had then bought a treadmill after a few weeks of people ogling her athletic body online, but there was only so much you could run on the spot before you go crazy from not actually going anywhere. Grabbing her keys and a couple of bottles of water she walked towards her car. Feeling the slightest of rain drops on her face she contemplated going back to grab her coat, but she really didn’t want to have to run with it on. Her curvy athletic figure did nothing to stop the chaffing.

Driving out of the city edge she continued to sip her water, making sure she was hydrated for the run. More times than she would like to admit she would get halfway up and cramp would set in, a clear sign she should drink more before attempting it. 10 minutes later Claudia arrived at the mountain park, looking up as she got out of her car she could still see the grey clouds above, but it hadn’t started raining yet luckily. Doing some pre-run stretches, she was now aware of the faintest need to pee coming from her bladder. Putting it out of her mind, she pulled her shoe laces tight and set off at a steady pace.

From experience this trial typically took her just over an hour and a half to complete, its why she had picked it for today. By her estimates that meant it would be about 3 hours since she started drinking when she made it home. By now she was up to almost 4 hours of holding, feeling far stronger and confident in her bladder muscles since her training had begun. Despite this she didn't want to push it too much, she could last 3 hours easily but she guessed that by the time she got home she would be desperate but in control enough to make it to the safety of her own home before exhibiting too many signs in a public place.

Charging up the hill, she could feel the stress of the city ebb away. The cold air rushing into her face as she controlled her breathing expertly, each stride purposeful and powerfully propelling her way up. Her eyes constantly scanned the uneven surface, planning her footfalls subconsciously while avoiding each stone and hazard as she ran towards them. Claudia felt one with nature, like a running machine that was making its way through the ragged terrain. This is what she was missing so much on her treadmill, the smells, the sounds, the adrenaline.

Soon she had reached the halfway mark, a small green picnic shelter that was a good marker for her. It marked a stopping point where she could take a breather and give her muscles a little downtime before the decent. Her legs burned as she walked on the spot, uphill running required so much more than the street running she did most days. Taking a couple of small pouches of out her pocket she tore the ends off and drank the blueish liquid within them. Hydration pods were so much easier to carry than a water bottle, Placing a hand on her bladder she could defiantly feel it becoming fuller as each step in the last 5 minutes had caused it to slosh around.

It wasn’t anything painful at the moment, but when you are so in tune with your body while running you start to feel everything. It was close to two hours since she had started drinking, about halftime she thought to herself. Although, whether it was the extra water she had drunk this morning in anticipation of sweating it out, or the exertion, Claudia defiantly felt more uncomfortable that she did usually by this point. Performing a couple more stretches to re warm her muscles, she decided to set off. Just in case the voice in her mind and bladder was right.

Going downhill was much easier for her legs, although the concentration required was much more. Her speed was quicker and her footfall was usually heavier, so any wrong step and she would ….”Shhhhhi!”. Claudia had felt the rock move beneath her foot just as she applied all her wait to it. Stumbling she fell face first into a thicket of gorse, thankfully putting her hand up to protect her face. Bouncing off the large bush she landed with a thud back on the path, it had slowed the impact but it hurt all the same.

Still dazed, she checked herself for cuts and bruises, a few minor abrasions on her hand seemed to be all the damage. But as she stood, her ankle throbbed painfully. “Please don’t be broken” she said to herself. Testing its range of movement and looking at its bruising was painful, but showed her it thankfully wasn’t broken. Just a sprain, although putting any weight on it was still painful. A rumble of thunder filled the skies overhead as she felt the air pressure shift. “Just great!” she shouted out loud, frustrated with herself and the weather. It would be a long walk back.

30 minutes later and things were going from bad to worse, Claudia's ankle was no longer the only thing throbbing as her rapidly filling bladder joined in the bodily protests assaulting her. She was starting to get use to the pain In her ankle now and had returned to an almost normal stride, but it was still to bad to run. The extra time it would take her to walk back down the hill was starting to be a problem as her bladder swelled. Part of Claudia was thinking she should just pop a squat where she was, but she had sadly left all cover 10 minutes behind her.

Now she was slowly walking through an open field, the silhouettes of other runners, hikers and a couple of nearby dog walkers meant that squatting just wasn’t an option. However, they were still far enough away that she could openly hold herself through her leggings. A couple of months ago, this level of feeling would have seen her running for the bathroom thinking she was about to wet herself. But her training and the contest had shown her new stages of desperation and just how far her body could still go. With that said, she knew she was nearing her limit.

Claudia was trudging now, the pain her ankle now out-competed by that of her overfilled bladder, each step sloshing its contents and threatening to spill them all over herself. Even the extra support of her hands did nothing to help with the desperation she was feeling. Misplacing her footing again she managed to catch herself before she fell, but the shock forced her defences to weaken and she felt herself pee just the tiniest bit. She hunched over trying to contain the flood within her, why hadn’t she just stuck with the gym, they at least have toilets. Her bladder pulsed again, desperate to empty itself right now.

Clenching her muscles as tightly as possible, Claudia couldn’t move, she was stuck where she stood. If she moved, she knew it would spell the end for her bloated bladder. But what else could she do, stay here forever? Taking a deep breath she forced her legs to move, squeezing her thighs as tightly as possible together. One step, two steps, three steps and then another dribble of wetness escaped her grasp. She was asking just too much of her exhausted bladder and body. The wetness on her hands told her she had let more out than she wanted to admit, and was seriously about to loose it all right here in her pants if she didn’t do something. No one could see her right, she could do it right here?

The sounds of rapid footsteps behind her answered the question for her, no she couldn’t. A few seconds later a runner came down the trail, stopping next to her.

“Hey are you ok?”, Dam it, why did it have to be a cute guy! Why not a middle aged woman or better yet no one.

“Yeah im good, just got a bit of cramp in my leg”. It most defiantly was her leg she was holding onto though, he didn’t seem to buy it.

“Ok, well …stay hydrated, it helps” he shouted as he jogged away.

“Not with my current problem” Claudia muttered quietly to herself.

She couldn’t believe this was happening to her, the meticulous plan had gone so far out the window it wasn’t even funny anymore. She was in serious danger of pissing herself right here, right now.

A taunting crash of thunder rolled through the clouds above her as she felt the first few drops of water land on her face. The sensation did nothing to lessen her desperate need to pee which was not helped when a few moments later a deluge of water poured from the sky. She was suddenly drenched, standing with her legs tightly pressed together as the heavens opened. It took mere moments for her to be wet from head to toe, the thin fabric sticking to her body even tighter than before.

“Oh…….”she hissed between her teeth, “well that’s just great”. Her body had rebelled, the sight and sound of the rain all around her too much for her strained bladder to take as it began forcefully emptying itself where she stood. The warmth spreading down her leggings as they became saturated in her own waters. Besides the sound of the gentle patter of rain hitting the ground, a single thundering stream hissed loudly through her pants and onto the ground. The sheer weight of the stream making it easily discernible above the background noise of the rain. Claudia sighed in relief, the pain and discomfort subsiding as her bladder emptied itself involuntarily onto the ground. The only blessing she had, no one would notice her wet clothes as she walked back covered in her own pee.

1 day to go

The anticipation of the rematch was really starting to get to Claudia, which was weird because she didn’t get this nervous the first time around. Maybe it was because she thought she stood a real chance of winning this time around, with Olivia and Alex getting the majority of the drugs that meant she was technically the rightful winner? Checking her alarm clock on the bedside table it was 4.10am. She had work this morning so she would have to get up shortly anyway. Grumbling to herself she pushed her bed covers off and stood up, stretching out the muscles in her back as she slowly walked to the bathroom. Sitting she let the nights worth of pee out of her body and turned the shower on. The warm water against her face waking her up slightly as she started her morning routine.

15 minutes later she stepped out of the shower and got dressed, a tight red mini-skirt and smart black top were today's outfit, paired with some smart stockings and matching red underwear. She hated how much of her job relied on her good looks, she was a graduate meteorologist with a masters degree, not just some window or in this case screen dressing. But that appeared to be all the industry cared about.

Her Phone buzzed on the bedside table, alerting her to the fact she should only now be getting up. Pouring herself a strong coffee she heard it ping loudly from the bedroom. It was an email from George

“Hey Claudia, not sure why but Sam is asking to see you this morning before you go on.”

Great…she thought to herself. Sam was the station manager and going to see him was never a good thing. He was the cliché of a scummy business man, pinching every penny to make as much money as he could. Although she had to admit, since he had started a little of a year ago he had really brought the station up in the national rankings.

Sipping her coffee she went through the morning’s atmospheric data on her laptop while the early morning news played in the background. They would go through this when she got to the station, but she liked to know about them before turning up. Plus, to her it was always the best part of the day where she actually got to use her training instead of just being a parrot repeating the same thing every 30 minutes.

The drive in was always quiet, no one was on the roads this early and it made city driving so much easier. In a couple of hours these streets would be jammed pack full of 9 till 5 commuters. Signing in at the front desk she grabbed the morning report from her team and had a quick overview of it. Everything was just as she had noticed herself, at least her team were on the ball too.

Putting the report on her desk she figured she had put off her meeting with Sam long enough. Finding her way to his office she knocked the door, crossing her fingers he didn’t answer

“Come in”

Dam it

“Oh Hi Claudia, please take a seat”

That wasn’t a good sign, she was hoping this was going to be quick.

“Thank you Sam, George said you were looking for me?”

“Yes I am, so you know that we are looking for new ways to generate viewership for the channel.”

“Yes…..How can I help”

“Well, we’ve been looking at the numbers and we think like the other morning shows, a little contest could help increase audience retention”

“Ah ok, so sort of like phone in to answer a question to win a holiday style thing?”

“Well….Not exactly” inside Claudia rolled her eyes. What was this going to be, a pillow fight contest, bikini car wash, or some other deprived male fantasy?

“So….its not just our numbers we have been looking at. We think that ITV is making some big strides in this field”

It was true, their good morning show had been hitting record highs.

“So we are stealing an idea from them, and we think you would be best suited to do it…..in fact you have already done it”

Wait what, was he saying what she thought he was saying.

“It’s a simple contest and one that im sure you can win, each Friday we will challenge a random audience member to compete against you to…..well….hold their bladder”

“Im sorry, what?”

“I mean come on, you have done it once, why is this any different. You will get paid for it if you win, we don’t know exactly how much we will have to look at the numbers when they come back after the first contest”

“Hold on. You want me to hold my pee once a week on live TV against a member of our audience? And if they win they get what?”

“Well to fit the theme, they get a lorry load of Chuck’s lemonade. You know the local company down the road? We have worked out a deal with them as a sort of cross promotion. Look we even have hats” He pulled a bright yellow hat out from his desk, a crude picture of a person was on it with the weather symbol for heavy rain where the bladder would be. “Isn’t it great, marketing team did a great job on it”

“Uh…yeah its great. So just to confirm that I understand this, all I have to do is not pee on air, once a week?”

“Yeah, well there are a few added challenges." Here it was again, the yes... but no of a businessman.

"So you and the randomly selected person will be drinking a can Chuck’s lemonade once every half an hour. We will have a little cam on you and your opponent at all times, but only put it on screen when you drink and to ask how you are doing. So you wont have to do much more work than you do now, and if the viewership goes up a lot you could make a lot of extra money from this.”

“How much more?” this could make up for not being on a mainstream channel.

“Well, we would have to look at the numbers, but possibly 10% more a month”

“If you make it 20 I am in, after all its my body that does the work every week”

“that might be a little high, how about 15%?”

“18” she was pushing her luck here, but the fact that he had budged at all meant he knew she was right.

“17.5% and that’s as high as I would be able to go, plus only in weeks you win”

“Deal” her bladder was well trained and could easily beat the average persons.

“So when is the first one?”

“Well, that’s why I called you in early, its today. There is a lady coming in, she won a contest of a facebook group or something”

“What…its today?, but I haven’t had any time to prepare”

“Yes, im sorry it developed quite quickly and original plans had two audience members competing against each other, but that would have meant that someone won every week”

“Why is that bad, I thought we were sponsored by the lemonade company?”

“Well….we are but it’s a limited offer. They can’t give away a truck load every week. So they have given us one for free, but if you don’t win more than that one time we will be on the line to pay for it. So I know I don’t need to say it but, we need you to win! We can’t be paying out every week for these prizes. We just don’t have the funds. So if you lose too much, certain cutbacks would have to be made”

Claudia didn’t like the sound of that .“Wait, am I going to get fired if I don’t win?”

“No ,No ,No, your fine but……if we start paying out a lot in prizes, then there might be a few cutbacks here and there. So while your fine, your our star after all, some others might not be so lucky.”

“Ok….I’ll do my best”

“Thank you, now you should probably get ready, it starts in about 40 minutes.”

Closing the door behind her, Claudia’s head was in a slight daze as she tried to comprehend what had just happened. Her bladder was now responsible for the jobs of people at the station, how had that happened? Was she really that greedy to get the extra money that she was willing to risk peoples jobs? No, it was him, he had set this whole thing up without her knowing and now she was feeling bad about it, while he didn’t seem to care about it at all. No, she was going to take him for every penny, her bladder could do this and no one would lose their job because of it.

“So the time is 6.30am and its our first look at the weather, and I understand that we have a special competition and guest with us this morning Claudia.”

The light in front of Claudia turned red, telling her she was now live.

“Hi, thanks James. Yes we do. Here with me I have the lovely Barbara and she is part of the new contest we are running here as sponsored by Chuck’s Lemonade. Why don’t you say hi to the folks at home?”

The camera panned slightly to the left, revealing a beautiful blonde woman. She was much taller than Claudia, at least 6’2” but equally as athletic. The tight black leggings she was wearing clearly showing her impressive leg muscles, although her torso seemed much more lean and slim. A grey crop top of some band Claudia didn’t recognise was just about covered her ample breasts, something she was worried would have caused some concern to the crew. If she had shown up wearing that they would have demand she changed, they wanted alluring not a sexual exposure scandal. Despite this, the tall blonde had been allowed to wear her almost revealing attire, although Claudia was pleased to at least see the straps of a bra that would limit any exposure. Although if they were after more attention, this seemed like the way to get it.

“Hi guys” Barbara called to the camera.

“So what challenge have you guys got set up for you throughout our show today” the off screen host asked.

“Well James, in light of our sponsor me and Barbara here will be competing in a battle of the bladders”

An art graphic showing a pair of anthropomorphise'd bladders appeared on the screen. One with blonde hair and the other short black hair, clearly they were supposed to be the two competitors. At the moment they both sported happy faces, swigging large drinks.

“Throughout the show we will continue to drink the refreshing tastes of Chuck’s Lemonade until one of us can’t handle it anymore and goes to “refresh” ourselves”

“So, what are the rules?” James asked

“Well, each half an hour we will drink one of these cans” the camera panned again to reveal two pyramids of lemonade cans. “But what are we playing for, well if Barbara can out compete me today, she will win a truck load of this stuff, literally” A video of a large 14 wheeler lorry pops up on the screen being loaded with case after case of the lemonade.

“So, I guess there is no time like the present. Barbara, if you would like to grab a can?” The two ladies picking up the first can from the pile of many. “Cheers” Claudia said smiling at the camera, this was weird to her. She was much more used to being a reporter of facts, not a sales person or performer. The two can’s clanked together and then the two athletic women started to rapidly chug them. It look less than 20 seconds for both to be completely empty, the ladies upturning them for the camera to show they were empty. The smallest of droplets falling out of the cans, indicating they weren’t cheating the audience.

“Well, that was refreshing. I do like a nice lemonade. How are you feeling Barbara, confident you can take me on?”

“I’m feeling good thanks, im not sure I can beat you after seeing you on the weakest link but I’ll give it a good go Claudia. I know my bladder and its pretty big, so ive got my fingers crossed. I really love Lemonade, so that is the ideal prize.”

Confident words from Barbara, now then lets get back to the weather report.”

“It looks like the low pressure system that’s been here in the north will be giving way to a much higher pressure system later today. That will bring some more rain with it as the clouds move around in a south westerly direction. So we are looking at a cloudy start to the day, with a threat of rain showers later on. Average temperature of about 16 degrees Celsius.”

“Thanks Claudia, so if you are heading out don’t forget your umbrella’s”

The light in front of Claudia turned off, she could relax.

...

“Good morning, its now 27 minutes past 8 and time to catch up on the weather and see how our contestants are doing at the two hour mark."

The camera in front of the ladies turned on again, accompanied by the animated bladders that appeared now looking slightly worried. Claudia herself was stood with her legs crossed, the need to pee was defiantly a strong one, but nothing she couldn’t deal with. Thankfully the last 6 weeks of training had strengthened and prepared her for this.

“Thanks James, how are you doing Barbara, were about half way through at the moment, think you can go the distance?."

“Im doing ok thanks" the buxom blonde replied she was sitting on her heel, trying not to fidget too much, but the tell tales signs of a woman desperate to pee were starting to appear. Her face was a little flushed and she seemed to be moving her weight constantly, trying to use her heel to apply pressure to her crotch and help her hold it.

“Its not bad yet but if I were at home I would defiantly be rushing to the loo about now. But I think I can hold and give you a run for your money Claudia.”

“ I'm with you on that and looking forward to the competition” That was a blatant lie, she just wanted this to be over, as soon as possible.

“Unfortunately, its another half hour mark and another can of Chuck’s lemonade for us.” She handed another one to her competitor, cracking her own and chugging it down. She was relieved to see Barbara was taking her time with hers, hopefully a sign of how much she needed to pee. This was their 5th can of the stuff though, so maybe it was just too much of one type of drink.

A voice in her earpiece came on “Hi Claudia its George, I’ve been asked to tell you not to say unfortunately about drinking the lemonade, it might not look good for our brand deal”. Looking directly down the lens for a couple of seconds was her way of telling them she understood. As much as it would pain her to keep this up, she had to remember to be professional at all times. Walking back over to the green screen weather board she could feel the weight of the lemonade sitting in her stomach, a lot of it was yet to be processed and there would be no let-up in drinking either.

“Its 8.32am and this is your weather report. The high pressure system we have been seeing move across the county this morning is still moving South bring in……”

Over the next hour the desperation really increased for the two women, having drunk 7 cans of lemonade each and held it just over 3 hours. The viewers could easily see the bulges of their bladders growing with each passing weather report. With a little over 30 minutes to finish both Claudia and Barbara were starting to worry about wetting themselves live on television, not that it would be a first for one of them.

Claudia was now sitting with her legs tightly crossed and doing her upmost to seem professional. Even though she wasn’t on screen that much she still didn’t want to squirm too much in her workplace. But the pressure between her legs was starting to mean that wasn’t an option. She was getting desperate and could feel her muscles starting to tremble as she continued to clench them shut. Her tight red miniskirt was digging into her bladder, but thankfully since she wasn’t one to bloat much the damage was limited.

On the other hand Barbara was massively bloated, her stomach and bladder sticking out of her abdomen like she was heavily pregnant. It was shocking Claudia how bloated her opponent was, what had she drunk before this or was she having some sort of reaction to the lemonade? Her tight black leggings cutting a red line across her abdomen as they compressed her bladder. The material below stretched to the point it was almost see through, with Barbara's pink panties easily seen through the fabric in some places.

She was now sat with her legs tightly crossed and both hands pressing between her muscled thighs. Constantly shifting in her seat and rubbing her distended stomach, Barbara was groaning under the pressure of it all. Her face was going red from the effort with sweat gathering on her brow as she fought to contain herself, dark grey patches near her armpits easily viable on her top as she sweated through it. Claudia was somewhat happy to see the state she was in, as it looked like victory was within her grasp. But still, she couldn’t help but feel sorry for what the young woman was going through having been there herself just 6 weeks before.

“Are you ok Barbara, you know if its painful you can stop at any moment”

“No…...” she puffed out of her mouth, clearly determined to win “I can hold it”

“its mainly my stomach, its starting to cramp”

“Are you ok? I don’t mean to pry or anything but you look pregnant. If you having some sort of reaction we should really get you checked out”

“No its not that, I was a bit stupid this morning at the gym”

What did that mean?

“Im..sorry?” a confused Claudia asked.

“I had a big coffee and a lot to drink which probably isn’t helping even though I peed right before, and then before coming on I had a big breakfast. Trying to give myself some energy as im not used to waking up this early” she stopped for a moment, breathing heavily.

“Was it something you ate, if you are feeling unwell we can stop and maybe we can give you another go sometime?”

“No its not something I ate…..well, I suppose it is. I had some fruit, which included a couple of banana’s right before starting this. I totally forgot that they react to lemonade for some reason don’t they, there was that stupid internet challenge a few years ago wasn’t there”

Oh, it all made sense to Claudia now, the bloating and discomfort. Her stomach was bloating massively because of the sheer amount of liquid in it as well as the combination of Banana and soda. She could only imagine the turmoil going on inside Barbara’s body as she it kept expanding outwards.

“I’m sorry”

“No, its not your fault, its my own stupidity that got me into this mess. I’ll deal with it, your not off the hook yet” The sweating woman managing a meek smile.

“2 minutes” a voice in her ear told her.

Ok it’s the last can, the last drink and then 30 minutes she told herself. She could do this, pumping herself up she controlled her breathing and tried to put the desperate need to pee to the back of her mind. Claudia had a job to do and she was going to do it as well as she always did. Another twinge from her bladder muscles challenged that though as they started to beg for her to end this. Slowly standing she turned her lapel microphone on, straightened her dress shirt and crossed her legs tightly. Now stood up the true weight of her bladder was pressing down on her muscles, it really didn’t help her situation. Sweat was starting to form on her hands and back, the effort of holding her pee making her feel warm and clammy.

The red light blinked on the camera, before turning a solid red colour.

“isn’t that right Claudia”

Oh crap…she wasn’t paying any attention to what James was saying. She just had to run with it.

“yes it is James” she said with a little bit of fake laughter. It seemed to be a good cover, probably some joke or comment about their contest maybe? No one in the room looked at her weirdly so that must have done the trick.

“So we are at the final stop here, with just one more can of delicious Chuck’s lemonade left each, we are on the home stretch. Which is good news for me, because while I love drinking it in, it does seem to rather want to come out if you get what I mean.” Was that too far? the lack of a voice in her ear probably meant it was fine.

Walking over to Barbara it seemed almost cruel to make her drink more, she could see the pain etched on her opponents face as her eyes seemed to plead with her not to hand her another can.

“How are you doing Barbara?” She already knew the answer but it was her job to ask.

“Im really struggling now, I need to pee so badly and its starting to hurt. But I am going to do my best to keep going”.

“Well you are doing really well to make it this far. So here is your last drink for the morning.”

Claudia could almost see the tears forming in the young woman's eyes as a shaky hand reached up and grabbed the can. Both ladies popped their cans and slowly drank their contents. The bladders on the screen were now almost trembling, crossing their legs and with worried looks on their faces, if only they knew the truth. Drinking the cold liquid was painful for both of them as their bodies sent signal after signal for them to stop putting yet more liquid inside of it. Still they drank, their slender necks swallowing the lemonade, why anyone would want a truck load of the stuff after this was beyond either woman at this point. After almost 60 seconds both had finished and now they just needed to hold it.

...

Her last weather report was by far the worst Claudia had ever given. That last drink was really having an impact on her brain as she fought to read the teleprompter and pronounce things correctly. She hurried through it, needing to sit down quickly as standing was really not helping her. Halfway through she had to pause and bend at the waist as a painful spasm caught her off guard. Apologising for the pause she carried on, but discussing high pressure systems and rain clouds was not exactly what she needed right now.

As soon as the segment was over she rushed back to her seat, sitting down and crossing her legs tightly as she preyed that the spasms would stop and her bladder would calm itself. Unfortunately that didn’t happen as she continued to fight bladder spasms for the next 15 minutes. Her skirt was still pressing on her, but most of the discomfort was coming from below as she tried to sure up her tiring muscles with the help of both her hands. She wasn’t too worried about people seeing her desperately holding herself now, they all knew what was happening and she would like to see any of them try and hold this much.

Beside her Barbara wasn’t doing well either, her face was now bright red with effort and too Claudia’s shock her abdomen had continued to swell further and further out of her slim body. Claudia could see the frayed edges of the nylon waist band of Barbara's leggings as they started to separate under the pressure from her bladder that continued to fill. She was now huddling herself over her bloated body, both hands pressing deeply into her crotch as she moaned and whimpered in pain. Her discomfort had skyrocketed over the last 10 minutes or so, her body finally nearing its absolute limit of containment. The blonde woman's breathing had become deep and laboured,, almost wheezing in effort as her body demanded she let it relax. Still she fought on.

Next to her Claudia couldn’t take her eyes off the athletic beauty so racked in desperation as sweat dripped off her. Claudia's own muscles were starting to falter and her bladder felt as if it was on fire, she was desperately waiting for Barbara to fail. She needed this, it was the first week she couldn’t fail now! peoples jobs depended on her. Despite that, a powerful spasm rocked her body and she felt the first leak escape into her red cotton underwear. Inhaling suddenly, she stopped the flow by clenching every muscles at her disposal. Crap, she thought to herself, she was putting on a strong face but she was nearing her physical limit too.

Her bladder cramps were getting worse, something she attributed to the stress of doing her job and holding her pee so long. She had held more than this over the last few weeks, but the constant drinking and longer time she was enduring now were having an impact on her. It also didn’t help that this stuff seemed to go right through her. Another spasm and another squirt of warm liquid made its way past her muscles. Wide eyed she shut the flow off again, no one seemed to notice what was going on. Closing her eyes she tried to calm her tiring body that was starting to panic, she was so close to an accident now. But for now she had regained control, her lapses were minor for now.

“OOOOAAAHHHHHHH” a loud painful moan filled the room, as the curled ball that was Barbara started to quiver, Claudia could see goose pimples forming on her exposed arms.

“ooooo, oohhhh” Barbara was constantly moaning now, rocking back and forth with her eyes clenched shut. Her body convulsed once more as it fought the onslaught of liquid battering against her bladder before it exploded violently. Pee hissed loudly past her underwear and black leggings, pooling on the chair for a few seconds before the volume made it spill out onto the ground. The sweaty mess of a woman clutching her bloated bladder with both hands as it finally emptied itself. Moaning in relief rather than pain, the ocean of pee quickly left her, spreading in all directions along the carpeted floor as the astonishingly loud hissing continued.

The young blonde woman had done her best but her body had finally rejected her demands to hold its bladder shut and was now violently emptying itself. The camera in front of them showing the bright red light indicating that her accident was now going live to each and every viewer of the show. They were now watching the images of the athletic blonde woman peeing inside the TV studio. Her clothes were drenched with pee as it now flowed off the front and back of the chair to join the enormous puddle under hers and Claudia’s chairs.

Witnessing the noisy and sweaty end of Barbara was both agonising and amazing for Claudia. She had won and was now free to pee at any moment, but the sound smell and sight of the accident was almost too much for her. She clenched her muscles, desperate to hold on, but as Barbara's noisy accident passed the 30 second mark she couldn't take it any more.

She new it was un lady like but instead of waiting for Barbara to finish peeing and console her, she stood up and ran for the ladies room. It was her only chance to save her clothes and her dignity.

She almost hurdled the coil of broadcast wire between her seat and the corridor to the ladies. Each step punishing her bladder as it shook around within her. It almost felt as if the sheer weight of her pee had altered her centre of gravity as she scuttled along the building. Reaching the door she grabbed the handle and pulled. To her horror, the door didn't budge, it was locked! Claudia felt another spurt of pee leave her tried body as her muscles started to falter and she knew this would be the last time.

To her relief, as her muscles quivered, the door to her salvation opened as one of the newsroom team walked out.

"Oh, sorry Claudia"

She didn't respond or even notice who it was that had just left.

Locking the door behind her she threw herself onto the toilet, pee bursting out of her instantaneously. It thundered into the toilet, noisly hitting the water bellow it.

"Oh...geeze....oh god that was close.." she panted to herself

"Um Claudia, your microphone is still on"

Sh*t she thought to herself as she blushed bright red, grabbing the mic pack and tearing the batteries out rather than taking the extra time to turn it off.

As the batteries scattered across the bathroom floor, she could finally relax again, her pee seemed never ending as it poured out of her tired and abused body.

She had won! now she just needed to win tomorrow

.....

After her ordeal during the day for the first time in a few days Claudia had slept soundly. She awoke feeling a strong need to pee, rushing to the bathroom she sat and relieved herself. She was surprised when it was only a 20 second pee, something she would have considered normal 2 months ago was now a slight cause for concern.

Selecting the same tight but stretchy leggings she had worn during her running accident and a nice green frock she got ready. Limiting her fluid intake and making sure to stay away from the Banana's during breakfast she readied herself for the drive. Despite being a Saturday there was a bit more traffic on the roads than she expected. Thankfully she had left plenty of time to get there early.

Arriving at the station slightly later than planned, Claudia saw she the last to get there.

The other contestants seemed to be confident although an air of nervousness was still present.

As they were ushered onto the stage, she took a deep breath and rallied her confidence.

Yesterday was the practice, today was the main event!

...

Hey guys like usual thank you all for reading!

I really hope you enjoy these stories from Claudia's training. The first two were perhaps not the most exciting but hopefully they still added to her character.

Next up is Olivia, who going off what I've written so far might be split into two parts. I may have gotten carried away with her story haha.

