The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition) - Page 2

Author: Markj9494

*027*2020-01-18 14:22

Here is the first of 6 chapters, each one following the trials and tribulations of one contestant. Im going to go in reverse order to them being voted off, so starting with Katy and then going through to Alex as the final one.

These are all a little different from the main story but hopefully they help set the scene and make the characters a bit more three dimensional. Or at the very least contain some enjoyable desperation and wetting.

###

Chapter 8. Bathroom Jive (Katy)

6 week till the contest

It was the worst thing that could possibly happen, she felt humiliated. Not only did she loose, she came dead last.

Katy was supposed to be the bladder queen, not some little girl with a tiny bladder. Even as she left the stage the jokes and messages from people she knew came in. Her phone buzzing with screen shots of messages she had sent to her friends before her disgrace claiming she would be winning the show easy. She could hold any amount, and out hold anyone, especially a mother of two. Unfortunately for her Scarlet had put up much more of a fight that she had planned on, and after a couple of bad rounds she had exploded and pissed herself right there on the stage. A week had passed any yet the memory of it made her blush as the embarrassment welled up again. That’s when she saw it, the email announcing the rematch!

Now was her chance to show everyone that it must have been a freak accident, the machine must not have been working for her at all. But even with that optimistic thought going through her head, she vowed to train like never before and ensure her victory next time.

Looking up from her phone, she spotted her favourite coffee stand and having just finished a dancing session she had worked up a sweat. She could defiantly go for a drink and why waste time starting her training, with no plans for the rest of the day she could use it for this now. Strolling over to the stand she ordered two of the Grande MAX Americana's, adding an extra shot of coffee to each. She was feeling a little drained after the intense two hour workout she just had. As the barrister handed her both coffees she walked over to the nearby picnic bench, placing one of the extra large cups down.

She took the other and despite the hot temperature she started to down it, chugging it in one go. The fire in her eyes now matched by the fire in her mouth, drinking it so soon might have been a mistake. Quickly she took out her half empy water bottle and drank that down too, quenching her thirst and helping put out the fire she had started. Tossing the empty cup in the recycling she picked up her other coffee and started to walk towards the train station. She was already aware of the heavy weight now in her stomach which had bloated outwards quite dramatically. Luckily, her bright pink and form fitting athletic leggings stretched with it.

The walk to the station took around 15 minutes for her and by the time she had arrived the second cup was now empty. Despite the amount she had drunk, she still had no need to pee and strangely she was a little disappointed. Katy was sure it would start building soon, but maybe she should help it along a bit more. After all its not training if your not going hard, no pain no gain she reminded herself.

Swiping her ticket to get into the station Katy walked over to the refreshments stand to order a large lemonade and another bottle of water. She had thought about more coffee but her heart was already racing, more caffeine wouldn’t probably have been good for her body. As she handed over the money, the stall owner asked if she had a refillable bottle, possibly noticing her Gym attire. Taking it out of her bag she drained the rest and handed it to the woman behind the stall who quickly filled it up. Taking the bottle and her new lemonade she started sipping from the large cup and made her way to the platform. Sighing up at the sign, her train was delayed by 10 minutes, sometimes she hated public transport but it was still easier than finding parking in the city centre. With little to occupy her mind she began absently sipping her drink, finishing her third large drink quickly. The slurping noises coming from the bottom of the straw telling her that she had finished it too.

Stifling a burp she placed a hand on her bloated stomach, there was some discomfort now but she wasn’t sure if she needed to pee or if it was just because of how much she had drunk. It must have been almost 3 litres of liquid in half an hour, a realisation that made her worry. Her train journey was only 25 minutes and then a 10 minute walk back to her apartment. Considering she was only just starting to feel it, she was sure she could last that long. Rubbing her belly reassuringly she watched the train pull its way into the station, another burp making its way up her throat.

The first 10 minutes of her journey went without incident, the need to pee building all the time. Halfway through she had started tapping her foot, her need was building quickly now. What had been the slightest of urges 10 minutes ago was now a pressing need and it was only going to get worse. Katy’s still heavily bloated stomach a reminder of just how much was yet to come, but again she reminded herself that this was the point. By 20 minutes in and with just 5 to go she was really starting to worry, her need had come on like a freight train. Unsurprising considering she had drunk all that liquid in 30 minutes, if it had taken 30 minutes to start entering her bladder at the start of the train ride, she was only about half way through what she had put in.

Her legs began bouncing up and down, placing a hand on her thigh. She was concerned that her legs might be starting to attract attention, a couple of men had given her glances. Ordinarily she would have put that down to her looks, toned body and tight clothes, but right now they might have just been watching a beautiful women needing to pee. She gently placed a hand on her stomach, now less bloated but her bladder was taking over in that department. How she wished her pants had pockets in, then she could try to hold herself stealthfuly, but that wasn’t an option in these tight and pocket free leggings.

By her stop Katy was almost vibrating in her seat, the coffee and need to pee combining to create quite the spectacle for anyone watching her. Katy didn’t care, she needed to get home and get home quick. Holding her bladder in one hand she carefully stood and made her way to the door. A sudden shake of the carriage as it changed tracks before the platform almost causing her to fall. Grabbing the back of someone’s seat in one hand she steadied herself, but the sudden movement caused havoc in her bladder. Its contents sloshed inside her, a major peak in desperation hit her as she swivelled and crossed her legs tightly.

She hadn’t leaked but it was close. Quickly she stood and made her way off the train, now it was just a short walk to her place and walking was making it easier to hold. Striding off purposefully she was well aware she wasn’t out of the woods though, her need was still getting worse as her kidneys pumped more of her coffee into her bladder. The diuretic nature of it causing them to work overtime and pass as much liquid into them as quickly as possible. As she passed a dark alleyway part of her wanted to just squat in the middle of it, but yet again that thought passed through her mind, this was a test, a challenge to her bladder and she couldn’t fail now.

She quickened her pace, each step now jostling her overfilled bladder but taking her one step closer to her nice clean bathroom. By the time she arrived at her apartment complex she was in agony, her bladder begging for release with each movement causing it to pulse inside her. The vast amount of liquid filling her threatening to burst out of her at any moment, she had overdone it but at the same time she had almost made it. Just three flights of stairs stood between her and victory.

Wincing in pain at the first step, she placed one hand deep in her crotch and the other on the hand rail. Slowly but surely she climbed the stairs, one foot in front of the other it felt like she was taking on Everst. The exertion causing her to sweat more than her entire dance session, she was clenching everything. In three times the normal amount of time Katy made it to her apartment, still holing herself as she put her key into the door and made her way inside. She had done it, but then her mind went back to before the train. Technically, she still had a drink she had bought and hadn't drunk. If she really wanted to win, she had to really challenge herself and since she had paid for the refill with the lemonade it, only made sense to drink it before peeing. Rummaging through her bag she found it, the 1L bottle filled to the brim with water. It had seemed a good idea at the time, but now looking at the volume of water she was telling herself to drink was making her reconsider.

That was quitter talk though, and she wasn’t a quitter. One hand still holding her pee in she popped the sports lid and began chugging it down. The need to pee skyrocketed as her body protested and her brain screamed at her to stop. It knew it couldn’t hold anymore and was doing all it could to send signals to the rational parts of her thought process, but to no avail. Still she chugged, almost half the water was gone now, yet the need to pee was still getting worse. Her bloated bladder quivered, Katy was struggling now but she kept drinking.

She was almost done when a spasm shook her body, the clenched muscles keeping her pee in loosened for just a second as a spurt of hot pee shot out of her distended bladder. “Oh…Fu*k” She shouted out loud, dropping the bottle to hold herself, another spurt followed the first dampening her leggings and turning the light pink almost see through. “No….come on….” A third leak was the final signal she needed as Katy sprinted for the toilet, barging through the door leaking more as she ran. “ahhh……that feels good”, she had made it to the toilet.

Inspecting the damage, a large wet patch spread out from her crotch and down to one of her knees, she had clearly let out more than she felt. Despite the glorious sensation of relaxing her bladder, the fire behind her eyes was still lit. In her mind, she had failed. The bottle wasn’t completely empty and she had leaked. Throwing her clothes in the washing up basket she made her way to the kitchen. “So….3 litres and hold for an hour, that’s a starting point I guess." Grabbing a glass she quickly filled it, keen to repeat her training until she could hold it no problem. This was going to be a long 6 weeks for her bladder.

1 week till the contest

It had been 5 weeks since her near accident and start of her training. It was safe to say that it hadn’t been the only near accident over that period, but a number of near misses early on had only strengthened Katy’’s resolve. With the added training she had now improved her capacity significantly, a regime of long holds and cheat days of filling quickly and often had strengthened her bladder. Today was a Tuesday and that meant it was a cheat day, leading to lots of drinking and lots of peeing. She would obviously still hold until uncomfortable but it was no where near as intense as non cheat days.

One on of her regular days she had even managed to go a full 24 hours without peeing last week, although her fluid intake had been less that day. Somehow she had gone to bed bursting to pee, waking up the next morning with an unbearable need that meant she had only just got to the toilet in time, but she was proud of her achievement. Thinking back to the intense need Katy made her way to the kitchen, opening the fridge to reveal her 10 litres for today. Carefully marked on large litre bottles, the word Tuesday clearly written in red pen across the tops. She was nothing if not organised.

Taking the first two litres she started chugging one down, the cold water feeling heavy in the stomach. Quickly writing down the time as 8:07am she set an alarm for 9:00 and went about her day. After a morning of chores like taking the laundry to the washing room in her complex and cleaning the living room her alarm went off. Uncapping the next bottle she began drinking that too. Fifteen minutes later it was gone and she started to get ready for her run that she did each and every morning. Katy could feel a slight need to pee after her morning litre but it wasn’t that strong at the moment and she had gotten used to the feeling over the last few weeks. Setting another alarm for 10:00 she grabbed her running belt, shoes, water bottle and set off. Her run through the park usually took about an hour, but the alarm meant that she didn’t need to worry too much about timing it herself.

By the end of her run, the full two litres had made their way through her and each bouncing step caused her bladder to throb once again. But the feeling was a far cry from her first day, much easier to handle than that. She greeted the coffee stall at the edge of the park, buying her morning large coffee as the next step on her bladder journey. Thanking John the man behind the counter she had gotten to know after 6 weeks, like clockwork her order was almost always ready for her when she arrived.

Taking a sip she continued her run, although now with coffee in hand it was more like speed walking. 10 minutes later she was jogging up her apartment steps to her door, opening it and dropping her running gear on the floor she made her way back to the kitchen. It was almost 11 and time for the next 2 litres, despite not being a holding day she still liked to test herself by drinking the next set of liquid before peeing the first time. Standing with her legs pressed together, she started to down the bottles, glass after glass was pounded like shots at a bar. Filling the final glass, her phone started to buzz. Katy looked down and saw that it was her friend Dan, “Sh*t, that’s today” she said out loud answering it quickly.

“Katy where ar…..”

“Yeah, yeah, sorry my trains delayed Ill be there as soon as I can” She said grabbing her bag and heading towards the door

“Look ill be there in like 45 minutes”

“You better be, the contest starts in an hour”

“Ill be there” Katy said, locking the door and sprinting towards the station.

55 minutes later she ran through the doors of the dance studio, heart beating and head going a mile a minute. Today was the jive competition she and her dance partner Dan had signed up for a couple of months ago. She couldn't believe she had forgotten, they had been looking forward to this so much. She spotted Dan, dressed in his dance attire and tapping one foot on the floor looking impatient.

“There you are, you have like 2 minutes to get ready, if we aren’t on the floor when it starts we are disqualified”

“Look, im sorry the trains” she lied again between breaths.

“You need to get changed” Dan said pointing at her still wearing her jogging clothes. "The changing rooms are over there, you need to be quick."

“Ok, be right back”

Katy ran off through the door Dan had pointed at, putting her bag on the bench she quickly undressed. Only then did she notice the massive bulge coming out of her stomach “Sh*t” Katy swore again crossing her legs tightly. In the rush and panic of being late she had totally forgotten about her need which was back full force now. One leg crossed over the other and bobbing nakedly in the changing room she desperately looked around for a toilet. There were none, they must be in a separate room, maybe she could just pee down the shower drain. She hated the thought especially since someone could just walk in on her but that was her only choice.

*Bang, Bang Bang.

“Youv’ got 1 minute until we are disqualified Katy, are you almost done. We’ve been waiting for months for this opportunity please don’t waste it when we are this close.”

Dan was right, and more than that she doubted she could finish peeing before the time ran out.

“Almost done, just getting ready now”

She began pulling on her costume, first a pair of tights, a loose fitting black top and then to her horror, she had a corset to wear. Ordinarily it was her pride and joy, accentuating her already substantial assets she felt like a queen in it. But today, it was more of a torture device. Luckily, It was a simple zip up one which took no time to put on. “Fu……uh” she almost swore again crossing her legs more tightly as the zip squeezed her bladder, trapping it in a metal cage. The final step, a long flowing black dress with red ruffles. Slipping it on still clenching her bladder shut with all her might she ran back out the door, clipping a red rose into her hair and slipping a pair of high heels on, she made it just in time.

“Thank god” Dan said

“Are you ok?, you seem a little flustered”

She was beyond flustered, but there wasn’t anything she could do about that now, she just had to get on with dancing, which would be easier said than done.

"Yeah im fine" she lied.

Luckily, the Jive is quite a fast paced dance with lots of leg movements and crossing over. She knew it would throw off the rhythm slightly but she was having to linger a split second longer with each leg cross. Desperately tensing her thighs and pressing them together, trying to find any and all support for her aching bladder. Her breathing was laboured, more so than usual due to the effort of containing her pent up pee. It was unbearable, how could she manage this wearing a corset and with so much water inside her. She was really regretting that coffee now, a vigorous twirl sending her off into a pose with her legs wide apart.

A crack in the dam appeared as a spurt of warm pee escaped, the momentum shaking her bladder while the pose separated her muscles enough to let it through. She could feel it in her panties, a warm wet spot that made her blush deeply. She was really full, she was trying to deny how much it hurt to keep this up but she was dying. The high heels and corset alone were enough to bring a tear to her eye, pushing and squeezing her bloated bladder in all different directions. A second twirl doubled her discomfort instantly, a jet of pee hissed its way through her underwear and past her tights, running down her leg and onto the wooden dance floor. Katy was loosing it, a tear ran down her face. She just wanted to run to the bathroom but they were so nearly done. She looked at Dan, he was smiling and having the time of his life, he really did live for dance.

Then she saw the look in his eye and remembered how their routine ended. As he moved towards her, Katy’s eyes went wide and she tried desperately to shake her head to tell him not too but it was too late. He grabbed her by the waste and lifted her off the floor, holding her horizontally above him. The crowed clapped, but Katy couldn’t hear them. Her need to pee and discomfort had gone from a 10/10 to a full on 20/10 and nothing could stop the inevitable. She let out a pitiful whimper as her aching bladder muscles gave out and her hours of pee shot out of her, spraying out of her with enough force to cover Dan in the process. He looked up to see the shower of liquid coming out of his partner, he almost dropped her from shock as he was being covered in her strong smelling pee.

Dan lowered Katy to the ground as quickly as possible “What he Fu*k” he shouted out loud, in disbelief of what had just happened. Katy now on her knees in the middle of the dance floor was sobbing, pee still shooting out of her with some force. The puddle she was creating was massive, spreading out in all directions across the polished wood flooring with the sobbing woman at its centre. The other dancers stopped, the music stopped and the room fell silent as no one could believe their eyes. Her dress was being soaked but she didn’t care, she just wanted the world to open up underneath her and swallow her whole. Blushing madly she bore down on her muscles and managed to stop the flow after a minute, she still needed to pee but more than anything she wanted to get out of here. She had wet herself again, the shame just as unbearable.

Standing quickly she attempted to run to the toilets, only to slip in the massive puddle and end up on her back in it. As if the day couldn’t get any worse the force caused her tired bladder to open up once again and this time Katy just went limp as yet more pee flowed out of her. She was drenched, covered from head to tow in her own urine, the entire dance floor was now covered to the disbelief of everyone in the room. How could one small women contain so much liquid, it was amazing in some ways. Finally after another full minute of her pee hissing from her sodden tights she stood, hiding her face in her hands she ran back into the changing rooms. This was the worst day of her life and she just wanted to go home now. The only thing that could possibly make it bearable would be to win the rematch, then the public embarrassment would have been worth it.

1 day till the contest

In less than 24 hours Katy would be back on that stage and this time she was ready. She still felt humiliated by what had happened at the dancing competition and unsurprisingly Dan hadn’t spoken to her since. Despite her mishap, her training went on without any more interruptions. Yesterday had been another cheat day but instead she had drunk an extra two litres in the evening as a test, determined to prove her bladders true strength.

“Bollo*ks” she had woken up late again, how could this happen today of all days. Quickly she gathered her bags, checked she had her parking permit and entry pass before making her way to the show stage. Running towards her door and grabbing her keys she paused for a moment, the memory of last week coming back. She realised that she was desperate for a pee too, she doubled back and went into the bathroom to have her morning pee. If she was going to win, she needed to start on the right foot.

An hour later she was walking onto the stage, the other contestants all seemed extremely confident. In fact, Olivia was already sporting a massive bladder bulge, actually to her puzzlement all of them were. Looking down she was shocked to see that her bladder was also bulging out of her tight purple dress, it was the same size if not bigger than when she bust last time. Her need to pee came back with vengeance, she threw both hands between her legs as her mind struggled to comprehend what was happening, how had she not noticed she was this full before hand. The round began, but for some strange reason she couldn’t hear what they were saying, was the host speaking English? To Katy it just sounded like muffled sounds, her need to pee was excruciating and she couldn’t even understand the questions to answer the. Looking around the other contestants seemed cross with her, while Scarlet was laughing at how Katy pee danced on the spot.

“Im sorry, I don’t understand”

“Please, whats going on”

The Host turned to her and finally she could understand her, but she wished she hadn’t.

“You are the weakest link Katy, and that round you scored £100,000”

With the announcement, she felt the pump turn on and she felt the water start to rush into her, her bladder ballooning stretching and filling more and more. Her purple dress straining against her expanding bladder “Please…..” Katy shouted. Still they filled her, more and more water entering her. “I cant take it any more, please just let me go”

Katy cried. Her bladder was expanding quicker now, to almost comedic levels it stretched feet into the air. She grabbed it with both hands to help carry it, crying as her bladder was stretched to ludicrous levels. It kept going and going and then suddenly with a whimper, she exploded. Pee showering everywhere, gallons of it like a waterfall spilling across the stage where she stood.

“Hu….wha…..”

Katy woke with a start, it had just been a dream. Putting a hand to her crotch she felt it, it was wet like really wet. Removing the covers she could see her bed was drenched, she had peed in her sleep for the first time since she was little. Katy sighed, putting her head back on the pillow, “Why…” sitting up she could see the true extent of the the damage, not an inch of her double bed was dry, it had seeped into every part of it and she too was completely drenched. All the way up her back and into her hair, she was a mess, swinging her feet over the side, even her floor had taken a battering. The bedroom carpet for meters either side a darker shade than the rest. Maybe she had taken it a bit far with the extra 2 litres and not peeing before bed.

Katy stood up, the floor wet under her feet she made her way to the shower where she cleaned herself up. Making a light breakfast after putting her wet pile of bedding in the corner she got ready to leave, her mind racing back to the dream she had just had. Looking at herself, there was no massive bladder bulge and she wasn’t in the purple dress. Instead she had chosen a pair of heavily elastic blue leggings that she knew wouldn’t cause a problem. Having worn them for several of her long holds, she knew they could deal with what she needed them to do. After a quick precautionary pee, Katy left the apartment for the last time before the rematch.

Arriving at the tv station with plenty of time to spare unlike her dream, Katy saw she was the third one to arrive as Olivia and Amanda both stood there sipping at some small coffees. A decision that Katy thought they might regret later on but both of them looked calm, although there seemed to be a sense to tension in the air. Soon the others arrived and they made their way out onto the stage, the lights shining as the rematch of the century was about to begin.....

As always I hope you enjoyed the story, next up we will be seeing how Scarlet has prepared!

*030*2020-01-23 19:19

{{On 1/18/2020 at 9:54 PM, Dtravis said:

I love this idea of not only rematch, but also preparations for the match of each contestant. I don't know if you already have ideas for each woman lined up, but if not, how about one of them is doing house chores while bursting and trying to make all of them done before she loses control? Chores also require a lot of bending, moving, kneeling and such what adds extra challenge. Another idea could be just simply holding against the clock at home (and possibly failing).

One thing I wanted to mention, is numbers that kind of out of line. In the first part Katy drank 3 liters and held for an hour. Generally, kidneys max flow is being considered 16 ml/minute, so it's less than a liter per hour. Maybe it can be increased by "rapid desperation" overhydrating over time, but she didn't do that. If she thinks that at the contest she possibly didn't get any bladder relaxant, around 2 liters should be her natural max capacity, so after 1 hour her bladder would be only half full and she should be able to hold up to 2 hours before losing it. Just a minor detail, it's not a big deal, but I have a thing for capacities and such so couldn't ignore it.

Anyway, beautiful chapter again and I am looking forward to the next one!

}}

{{On 1/18/2020 at 4:25 PM, Melificentfan said:

What a amazing chapter that was I loved hearing how Katy prepared

}}

Thank you again, always happy to get feedback!

I had no idea that was a thing DTravis, thanks for explaining. I always figured that the quicker you drank the quicker it went through you, I just thought it would have impacted how much benefit you gained from what you drank. As in it flushes through you before the Kidneys filter as much out of it. I will keep that in mind in the future.

But for now it's just a writing mistake on my part.

As for Ideas, I think I know what each woman will do. I made sure to think about it and try and plan something fitting for each lady before committing to writing more.

I haven't done exactly what you suggested but hopefully you will enjoy what I have planned for them.

For an update I've almost done Scarlet which will hopefully be up tonight / tomorrow and then ive done bits and pieces for the others.

*031*2020-01-23 23:15

Chapter 9: A family effort (Scarlet)

6 weeks until the rematch

After the contest Scarlet wasn’t feeling too bad about herself, she had didn’t come last and had also chosen to wet herself. Giving up control of her bladder was her choice and as such to her it felt like everything that had happened was her decision. Coming off the stage her husband Andy had been there, immediately hugging her as she still dripped with pee.

When the news about the rematch came through Scarlet knew she could give it another go and when her whole family rallied around to help her prepare for it she felt like nothing could stop her.They would supply her with drinks and stopping her from going to the toilet when she wanted too, never anything to serious but their support was everything to Scarlet. It became a real team effort and while it caused her a fair amount of extra discomfort, she couldn’t help but feel like she was the luckiest women in the world to have such a caring group of people surrounding her.

She had started training almost immediately, putting off bathroom visits as much as she could, her productivity around the house had gone up massively. Using any chore or thing to do as an excuse to put off her pee’s. Many a time she could be seen cleaning or cooking with legs tightly crossed and dancing up and down on the spot, never before had washing up required so much thought. The boys were enjoying it too, maybe they saw it as a bit of a game or was it just funny to them. And’y her husband was also supportive, although he was often the voice of reason telling her not to go to hard to fast.

He quickly worked out a regimen of drinking that was both safe for her but also challenging. Scarlet had her share of close calls in the first couple of weeks but slowly and surely she got used to holding more and more liquid and peeing less and less. They were even helping her with the trivia side, a bit of charity shopping had given them a number of new and old trivial pursuits and similar board games. Every night while scarlet downed glass after glass of water for each wrong answers they would sit together and play. Andy usually won but scarlet was starting to get closer and closer to winning, the training really was working. Although most nights usually ended with the boys laughing as their clearly desperate and bloated mum made a beeline for the bathroom.

Tonight was no different, Scarlet was currently sat on her heel on the floor of the living room with both hands jammed between her legs. Beside her lay an empty jug of water, at least 8 glasses in the last two hours had gone into her and she was feeling them. Her bloated bladder pressed against her crossed arms desperately holding it shut

"Ok Scarlet, we are tied in wedges but if you get this you win" Andy said putting on his best game show voice.

"For all the marbles.......What is the capital of Mongolia"

"Oh......come on....." Scarlet was rocking in place now, her face screwed up in concentration. "Tibet?" she said unsure of her answer.

"DZZZZ wrong, im afraid the write answer is...Ulaanbataar"

"What is that, you are making that up....sounds like some place in Aladdin" Scarlet playfully grabbed the card from his hand.

"Dam it"

"Well looks like thats more water for you sweetheart"

"Im sorry guys, I just cant take anymore im about to pee myself" A sentence that made their two young boys giggle.

"well, ok i guess" Andy said intimidating a sad child, pouting his bottom lip and urging the two actual kids to follow suit.

"No.....no! thats not going to work on me this time"

"Well...you know what that calls for?"

"No....not that either, im seriously about to wet the floor, my bladder is sooo full Andy"

"Tickle forfeit!" he shouted playfully as the two boys sprang up from the floor and ran towards Scarlet.

"Noooooo!" she shouted, laughing as she stood quickly and ran playfully away from them, one hand in her crotch the other fending off their small hands. She ran as fast as she could, sprinting up the stairs leaving her kids at the bottom she fumbled with the toilet door. Swinging it open Scarlet was full on pee dancing as she shut and locked the door behind her, finally Sitting on the porcelain throne and letting her body go limp. Her pee hitting the water below her, she could still hear the giggles and laughter from the living room, it seemed like it was Andy's turn to be the tickler.

"Dam it" she said to herself quietly. One day she would win one of the blasted games.

1 week to go

“Morning darling” Any said, gently shaking her shoulder to wake her up.

Scarlet had been having a lovely dream of sitting on the beach in some hot country while her family played in the sea. She was sure other people had more exiting dreams, but to her it was perfect.

“I’ve got your morning coffee, water and eggs. The boys have also put on a cup of orange juice for you, you know to help with your training”

“Thank you, it looks lovely” She looked down at the liquid laden tray Andy was setting down on the bedside table. Part of her knew what she was doing was crazy, but the other parts just revelled in how much this was bringing the family together. She immediately picked up the large coffee and started to sip it.

“So whats the plan for today” she asked.

“Well, Ross needs some new shoes again, if his feet keep growing I think we will have to send him to clown college soon” Scarlet snorted into her cofee, their eldest son of 11 was turning out to be quite tall and was going through another growth spurt. “And Teddy’s birthday is next week so I thought we could kill two birds with one stone and maybe take them both shopping?” Maybe get some food and a movie afterwards?”

“That sounds nice, is there anything on they both want to watch? I don’t want a repeat of last time”

“yeah he chuckled, that was a bit of a disaster, but I think they both want to go and see that new sci-fi kids film. The one that looks like the thunderbirds but without the puppets and strings”

Scarlet nodded, finishing off the rest of her coffee. “Sounds good”

“Right then, ill leave you to get ready. Drink up he said pointing to the other cups, you know how upset they get if you don’t drink what they make for you.”

An hour later, the four of them were in the car and heading towards to town. Scarlet had taken her usual morning pee after finishing her drinks, but even so she could feel a slight need resurfacing. The drive took about 45 minutes to the town, parking in one of the large multi-story structures they began the short walk into town. By the time they arrived on the main street scarlet could feel a distinct need to pee, but she knew she could hold it and that she needed too do just that if she wanted to increase her muscle strength. As they entered the shopping centre she saw her youngest whisper something into And’s ear and point towards a refreshment stand.

“Well, it seems as the boys think you look thirsty, you ok with another drink?”

“Yeah, I suppose. Leaning closer to him, just don’t make it too big that extra drink this morning is taking its toll.”

He nodded knowingly and walked towards the stand.

“Can I get a flat white coffee please”

“Yeah sure, what size would you like”

“The biggest one!!” Teddy said excitedly next to him.

Looking at the puzzled look from the man behind the stand, “Don’t worry its not for him. He’s just excited, were picking something out for his birthday."

“Oh ok," his mind seemingly put at ease "well do you still want the biggest one we have? We have small, regular, large Grande and then the Grande MAX which is only 40p extra and is just over a litre (48oz)."

Looking down at the excited Teddy, “Sure lets get the Grande MAX”.

She’s going to kill me he thought as he looked over his shoulder at scarlet who was now standing with her legs loosely crossed.

A few moments later Scarlet looked down as Teddy ran over to her holding the biggest coffee she had ever seen. “Here you go, I made sure dad got the biggest for you”

“Thank you, that’s very kind of you Teddy” but Inside she was cursing Andy, ever the softie with the kids, they defiantly got what they wanted when she wasn’t around.

Sorry, Andy mouthed to her. Scarlet shrugged and began drinking. If they had paid for it, she wasn’t going to waste it.

The next two hours of shopping went by quite quickly. Ross found some shoes that were smart enough for school and cool enough that he agreed to wear them. While teddy picked out a cool transformers toy as his gift after about an hour of running around a toy store, his energy seemed never ending. For Scarlet her need to pee was now coming on strong, she had left Andy to follow the speedy Teddy while she and Ross went to find some sweets or something for both of them. It felt kind of unfair for Ross to get shoes while Tedy got a cool toy, so getting something for them both might stop any arguments later one. After all the drinks she had drunk, her bladder was now bloating out in front of her by some distance. It reminded her of being about 3 months pregnant, but was far more worrying. On their way back from the sweet shop she clocked the toilets and started walking towards them.

“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Ross chimed up as she took them towards her much needed relief.

“Im sorry, I know you guys enjoy me holding, but I really have to pee”

“Yeah, but what about the deal?”

“Yeah I know, But I think this is the best time for me to go. Im sure there will be plenty more drinks to come”

When this first started, she had made a deal with them that she would only ever pee four times a day, once when she got up, twice during the day and then before she went to bed. It seemed a good way to make sure she increased her holding abilities but also didn’t cause a scene in public. Especially in front of her kids, who she was trying to make sure turned out as good upstanding men, peeing yourself in front of them too often might have some sort of impact on them she worried.

“This is my first pee of the day, so I’ll be fine”

Rushing into the toilets she threw herself into a stall. Her desperation had skyrocketed after finally deciding to pee. The sheer sight of the toilet had seemingly made her bladder start to try to expel itself immediately. Locking the stall and fighting with her sweatpants for a moment she sat on the toilet, sighing with immense relief. A waterfall of pee drained out of her, taking well over a minute to empty herself. Looking at her watch it was now just after 1pm. Taking a few moments to enjoy the empty feeling and making herself look presentable again, Scarlet walked out of the toilets to see that Andy and Teddy had met up with Ross.

The rest of the afternoon went by similarly fast, they had gone for lunch and dinner both of which had been accompanied by a large number of drinks for Scarlet. Her son’s taking any and all opportunities to ask the wait staff to refill her water. They were defiantly getting some strange glances by the 10th cup of water for her with her steak dinner. She was beyond bloated and starting to feel miserable as the weight of the water took its toll on her aching stomach and full bladder.

She was sitting her her legs tightly crossed and vigorously shaking under the table. Luckily her desperate knee knocking display was going unnoticed by her son’s, although a knowing look from her husband told her she wasn’t hiding it as well as she had hoped. As the deserts arrived her need was too much, she had to hold herself. Shoving one hand between her legs she started to press. She was getting worryingly close to a full blown accident right here in the middle of a restaurant. Cupping her distended bladder that was being pumped full by her kidneys, a shock wave of pain went through her body as someone walked into her chair. The contact causing a small leak to escape her grasp, that was it.. she had to go to the toilet.

Standing carefully with one hand on her bladder, hunched over she slowly waddled her way to the bathroom. Each step sending more shockwaves through her bladder and causing her to wince. She was starting to wonder if she had left it too late, a second stream of pee made its way past her tensing muscles and into her pants. Scarlet could feel her aching muscles were giving way so she quickened her pace towards the ladies room. Her speed causing a few more spurts to leave her bladder and make it past her now wet hand shoved into her crotch. She thanked god there wasn’t a Que as she pushed her way into another stall and for the second time that day emptied herself on a toilet. Inspecting the damage a large apple sized wet spot could be seen on her crotch.

"Fuck" she whispered to herself again, her pee still hitting the water below her at some force. she did her best to dry it using toilet paper but she was sure it would still be noticeable to anyone who saw it. Scarlet had avoided a full blown accident, but that was worryingly close. As she finished peeing she was all to aware of how tired all this holding was making her, plus she could still feel a lot of liquid still in her stomach.

Walking back to the table, Ross chimed up “That’s two pees mum”

“I know, thank you.” He was right, that was her last allowed pee until she went to bed, or at least until they made it home. But she wasn’t too worried, she had already survived 10 hours of being filled by her family, she was sure she could manage a couple more. Sitting down again she was all to aware of the wet feeling between her legs.

“Right then, ill grab the bill and then we can make our way to see The great Unknown!” Andy said, trying to do his best dramatic impression, like the old 80’s trailers.

Walking into the cinema, they went over to buy the tickets.

“Ok guys, you both go to the toilet before the movie starts, Me and your mum will grab some stuff from the refreshment stands. What do you guys want?"

“Tango crush”, Ross said. Taking a few moments to look at the stand Teddy saw what he was after. “I want one of those” he pointed to a massive cup with a little toy of the films main character on. “And some skittles”.

“Ok, we will grab those, now both of you hurry up the film starts in 5 minutes” The boys ran towards the toilets, “Oh, and Ross make sure Teddy washes his hands!” he shouted after them.

“How are you doing love” andy said, giving scarlet a quick squeeze on her shoulders.

“I’m ok, just a little tired after drinking so much. But I’ll be ok” Maybe a coffee will help, but make sure it’s a medium this time."

A few minutes later the boys were back out and having an argument about which of the characters in the show was the coolest when Andy came over to join them. Juggling Scarlet's coffee that she was pleased to see was a regular and the boys massive drinks. The novelty cup teddy had chosen had to be at least half a gallon, in fact on the side it said it was 2.7 litres. She was starting to worry about how much sugar was in It when Andy went to hand it to him.

“Oh no, that’s not for me, I wanted mummy to have it”... “I just want the cup afterwards”

“Wait what?, are you sure” Scarlet said. “Im not sure mommy can hold that much after today”

“Yes you can, you're awesome” Looking down at the beaming child's face, the sentence brought a tear to her eye.

“Thank you, that’s a lovely thing to say, and you are right I am awesome, we're all awesome”

Scarlet took the oversized cup and started to sip it as they walked into the film. It was about 2 and a half hours long with 30 minutes of adverts, that wasn't too bad she told herself, she was sure she could hold on that long but it was going to be close. With a coffee in one cup holder and the massive drink in her hand, she was surrounded by liquid that pretty soon would all be inside her. But with Teddy’s comment fuelling her conviction to hold and impress her son, she could do this..

By the time the adverts had finished Scarlet had drained her coffee and set about the gigantic cola she had next to her. Unfortunately, this was when she felt the first signal from her tired bladder, it was starting to fill again. The water from dinner still making its way through her before she had added any of this extra fluid. Even so and despite the warning signs, 30 minutes later more than half the drink the was gone and she was defiantly starting to feel it. Scarlet was starting to constantly shuffle in her seat, moving from legs crossed, to legs pressed tightly together all the while tapping her foot on the floor. The desperate dance was in full swing and she just hoped all the other viewers would be too engrossed in the film to notice.

By halfway through the drink was almost empty and Scarlet was in dire straights, her legs constantly moving. Her bladder was sticking out of her a ridiculous amount as the water, coffee and cola were pushed through by her kidneys still working overtime due to the massive coffee in the morning. It was like being back on the show, her pants were now tight and restrictive as her pee bore down with all its might on her already tired muscles. She had started sweating profusely and was glad that the lights were down, she must look like a right state she thought to herself. Her iron grip slipped as a spurt of hot pee made its way out of her as scarlet slammed her hands into her crotch. Her face immediately bright red from embarrassment, not only was she in public she was in a movie theatre, she couldn’t have an accident now.

She should get up, she should get up and just go to the toilets. It was like a two minute walk if that, her kids might not even notice. Another hot spurt made its way through, wetting her hands again. She clenched with all her might, pressing tightly with her hands. Another leak, this time a substantial one with an audible hiss. “No, not here, not like this” she whispered to herself. She could still make it to the toilet if she left now, but for some reason her body refused to move.

A fourth leak, then a fifth and a sixth left her tired body. Her quivering thighs failing the tighten enough to stop the flows. It was pure agony for poor scarlet as her pee hole burned, the effort of stopping her bladder completely exploding taking its toll. She could feel it soaking into the chair beneath her. The next squirt that came out was almost fatal, far more forceful and longer than the others it shot out of her. A faint splattering noise could be heard as the film hit a quiet scene just at the wrong moment.

Through her agonised face she prayed that no one heard or noticed what was going on. Her muscles spasmsed again, there was now an almost constant leak happening, a slow trickle of pee escaping her failing grip. Her pee now flowing into her trousers and into the already soaked seat. The only blessing was that it wasn’t flowing onto the floor yet. The battle of her bladder continued for minutes, an almost constant leak almost mirroring the constant flow of drinks still going into it.

She was humiliated, she was a grown woman having an accident in the middle of a movie theatre filled with kids. How could she look her family in the eyes,she had failed them and could only imagine the humiliation they would feel as they left with her covered in her own pee. Pee that was still coming out of her as she sat there, after 5 long humiliating minutes of constant leaking the chair simply couldn’t absorb anymore such was the volume of the accident. A constant dripping noise could be heard coming from it, as pee left her tired body and started pooling on the floor.

It was the smell of her pee that hit Andy first, looking over he could see her face contorted in pain, a faint trickle of pee falling off her chair. He was sorry for what the kids had put her through but at the same time, he wondered why she simply hadn’t left and gone to the toilet. There was still a third of the movie left, he hoped it would dry slightly by the time they left, although going before the lights came up was probably scarlet's best bet at avoiding being totally humiliated.

Scarlet was almost crying now, her leaks had finally stopped after ten minutes, but her bladder had continued to fill. By the end of the film it was full to the brim again, she had let out occasional leak over the last 30 minutes, she was in agony and there was nothing she could do. The puddle on the floor was now big enough to be easily noticeable, the seat and her pants still drenched, her leaks stopping them from drying even slightly. Scarlet looked down at her bladder that now felt more bloated and looked even bigger than when the leaks had begun, how much was her body trying to force into her bladder and when would it stop., she sobbed quietly at the perpetual desperation she found herself in.

Finally the film entered its final scene, it was almost over. Scarlet noticed Andy start to usher the kids towards the exit, tilting his head to indicate they should leave. She followed, red faced but still somewhat hidden by the fact the lights hadn’t come up now. The exit doors lead out into the parking structure they we in, somehow even on the right floor. The artificial lighting did nothing to hid her accident, Scarlet's light grey tracksuit a dark grey having absorbed much of her accident. She felt ashamed and just wanted to get out of here.

Making sure to walk behind her kids, she was hoping they wouldn’t notice her wet pants, although the dark patch had spread around to the front with a large dark spot around her crotch. Luckily after a day of excitement they both seemed to be tired. Getting into their car, she placed an old carrier bag on her seat, her face still flushed red in shame. Andy started their drive back in almost silence, the kids quickly falling asleep in the back. Scarlet was trying to do the best to remain composed, hands clenched in her crotch, her bulging bladder still screaming for release. How she made it out without wetting herself completely she will never know. But after 5 minutes she just couldn’t hold it any more, another painful pulse ravaging her body.

“Please Andy, you have to find me somewhere to pee”

He looked over at her concerned “What, I thought that….you know…you went” he said nodding at her sodden clothes.

“No, im still bursting, you have to help me. I cant wait much longer, you need to like pull over now”

“Are you sure, its dark out here and were still in the town centre”

“Oh…..I don’t know…..I don’t think I can hold it any more”

As she said that a spasm rocked her body.

“Oh my god……Andy, its coming you have to pull over now”

“I cant just pull over, this is a one way road, can you last like 2 minutes and ill find somewhere”

Scarlet was sobbing now, both hands in her crotch applying as much force to help her tired muscles as possible.

“I cant….”

A three second hiss filled the car as another jet of pee forced its way out.

“Oh no, its happening”

“Here, its an emergency use this” Andy said handing her the massive novelty cup that had caused the problem to begin with.

Ordinarily she would never have peed into a cup in the car, but this was no ordinary situation. Scarlet grabbed the cup, popping off the top and positioning it beneath her in the car. Immediately pee burst forth from her, exiting her body at speed and noisily splattering into the plastic cup. Her face washed in relief as her aching and full bladder finally got the permission to empty itself.

“Oh…..god….that feels good.”

Her thundering pee continued for minutes, her eyes closed she was in bliss.

Suddenly she felt fresh wetness hit her feet, oh god she was missing and making a mess. Looking down she was surprised to see that the cup was completely full. She was overflowing the 2.7 litre cup with her mammoth bladder. How was this happening, she didn’t even hold that much when she was in the contest. Scarlet desperately tried to cut off the flow but her body was too tired to respond. Her pee continued for another 10 seconds, spilling onto the floor of the car and making a hell of a mess. Her pee finally ended and she carefully put the cap on the cup, her legs tired after squatting so long. She was amazed, that had to have been close to three litres of pee that just came out of her, how could she hold that much. That didn’t even include the amount she had left in a puddle on the floor of the cinema. She just couldn’t believe it, 3 litres!

Scarlet was sure she had a chance to win the rematch now, if the drug helped people hold twice as much that was six litres! Although even doing the mental maths scared her, she had been at her physical limit tonight, could her body even deal with double that amount or would she be torn in two but the sheer pressure? Either way, the shame of her accident left her and a renewed confidence came over her as she sat in her wet pee smelling car, holding 2.7 litres of golden fortitude.

1 day to go

Scarlet had taken most of the last week off from holding after her ordeal at the cinema, it had taken a couple of days for her bladder to return to normal and stop the mad dashes in the middle of the night. She had started to worry that it had undone all her hard work, but sure enough by the day before the quiz it was back to normal. She had challenged herself this morning, nothing to drastic though as to not upset her bladder. She Had drunk 2.5 litres of water at 9.00am and wanted to see just how long she could hold it before the pain set in. That was her benchmark as to when the muscles were at their end of being able to hold back. It was 12.34 and she was pee dancing in front of their bathroom door. Each minute that ticked by only increased her need to pee 10 fold. She was desperate, legs moving quickly side to side and crossing over. She managed another 5 minutes before a spasm hit her bladder, a sure sign that it was struggling.

“Oh….ok that’s enough….”

She reached for the stashed measuring jug and walked into the bathroom.

Squatting over the large container she released her pee, only just moving her hand out of the way in time as her waters jetted out of her and into the jug. Two minutes later her pee tapered off and she inspected the jug. 2.2 litres, a good amount and well above her expectation when she started this ordeal. Scarlet now had her benchmark, if she felt a need to pee at anything less than 2.2 litres it was all in her head.

She took the rest of the day off, carefully limiting her fluid intake and for the first time in over a month actively not drinking more than necessary. Scarlet wanted to make sure her bladder muscles were in tip top fighting shape for the rematch. Going to bed early she awoke the morning of the rematch fully refreshed and ready to win. On the drive down her and the kids played one final trivia game, in a weird way she would miss this sort of thing when the rematch was over. Maybe she could find something similar to do with the family, just without the risk of publicly disgracing herself again.

As usual thanks for reading! This was a bit more of a relationship based chapter that hopefully made a few supporters of Scarlet happy.

Next up is Amanda!

*034*2020-01-25 14:14

{{23 hours ago, Bombality said:

Just curious but are all the contestants going to wet themselves in their trainings?

}}

Hey, thanks for reading.

I haven't completely fleshed out some of the ideas. But more than likely there will be some sort of wetting in each chapter as each of the ladies pushes their bladders to the max. Although without giving too much away about the exact circumstances, some of the chapters may not be as "negative" for the girls themselves....

Not sure that means anything actually haha, but hopefully you will see what I mean when I post the next few chapters.

