The Waitress Game

Author: Midd

*000*2022-08-05 11:05

Hi all I have returned from my long period of hibernation as a lurker to post something I have been writing for a while for my girlfriend based on The customer comes first, written by Mark (linked here:)

&/60894-the-customers-come-first/

While I enjoyed it I am not a massive fan of huge bladder bulges, so I wrote an alternative piece where a bunch of naked ladies with more regular sized bladders have to endure a shift with no bathroom! I hope you enjoy, feel free to post about who will wet next in the comments and who you think might make it to the end!

NOTE: There is one girl who will have full bowels as well as a full bladder, my current plan for her is desperation only, but if poop desperation isn’t your thing just skip over her paragraphs! Thanks!

Ellie hurriedly locked her car, cursing her late night drinking plans with her friends causing her to sleep through her alarm this morning, causing her to be late for work.

To help pay for her university fees, she had taken up a job waitressing at a local pop-up bar she saw advertised online called ‘Knockers’. It was somewhat similar in appearance to Hooters, except rather than skimpy clothing the waitresses wore nothing at all. At first the idea of working hot hours naked had shocked Ellie but after meeting with the manager Monica and discussing pay ( extremely good) and rules about sexual harassment, she decided to give it a try, 3 months later she loved the pay, was much more confident with her body, not to mention enjoyed the looks she received from customers when she walked past her table.

Ellie brushed her red hair out of her face as she pushed into the restaurant.

‘Sorry I’m late! I slept through my alarm-‘

Ellie began, unbuttoning her blouse as she walked, to be greeted with the sight of her colleagues gathered round Monica, the only other dressed person in the room, looking pensive.

Ellie did a quick scan of the gathered faces to see who was in today.

There was Olivia, the brunette with a perfectly proportioned body; Ella, a curvier brunette with a large chest with pierced nipples; Anna, a Hispanic girl with a smaller chest but a bubble butt; Hollie, a slim blonde with a nice chest and ass; Daphne, the quiet auburn haired girl who was pretty flat all over; Erika, the Chinese girl who had recently started and finally Lauren, the bubbly blond who while on the larger side, had a very impressive chest, although she wasn’t bubbly at the minute, she was biting her lip and looking at her work mates who also looked nervous.

Ellie finally finished stripping and packing her clothes into her bag. While she didn’t have the biggest chest, her ass more than made up for it, being perfectly round so that it jiggled tantalisingly as she walked.

‘As I was saying before Ellie announced her arrival to us all…’

Monica said, giving a withering glance to Ellie as she did.

‘There has been a burst water pipe in the restaurant, thankfully this has only caused minor disruption to our water supply, however it does mean that the staff bathrooms are not working, and are unlikely to be fixed by the end of the day.’

Ellie’s eyes widened as she realised why all the girls were looking nervous

‘But what if we you know… need to go?’

Piped up Hollie, the girl with the notoriously small bladder, whose legs were pressed tightly together.

‘As you are aware company policy forbids you from using the customer toilets to avoid the possibility of sexual harassment inside as they are both unisex and lack cameras, therefore you are simply going to have to cross your legs and hold it.’

Monica paused as there were a chorus of gasps and starts of protests from the surrounding girls.

‘Just like you would if we had a rush I might point out. As you are aware we do weekly challenges here between the staff so as far as the customers are aware this will be just another challenge, anybody who is able to last till the end of their shift without having an accident will receive triple overtime hours.’

Monica added. This last statement led to looks of excitement from the girls, with the prospect of so much cash, however a few girls still looked nervous. It was at this moment Ellie realised she hadn’t peed before she left the house, being in such a rush, which resulted in a small pang from her bladder, causing her to cross her slender legs slightly.

‘Obviously this is a proper challenge, so there will be no leaving the building during your lunch break to pee, and if you can’t wait till the end of the shift then you will not receive overtime pay, and you’ll have to clean up your puddle, no dirtying any glasses!’

Monica finished with a daring look in her eye, before wandering off to her office, leaving the right girls stood awkwardly together.

‘Well I’m going to lose, I already need to pee!’

Said Hollie, looking down at her bladder

‘So do I, but we have no choice but to hold it I guess.’

Replied Ella, although she didn’t show any signs of worry.

‘There’s an easy way to find out here, who doesn’t need to pee?’

Asked Anna, looking round her colleagues, only Lauren raised her hand.

‘I don’t yet but when I do I will need to pee then otherwise I will just burst’

Lauren replied sheepishly, Ellie nodded, remembering covering for her friend several times as she dashed for the toilets madly.

‘Well then, try not to wet yourselves guys!’

Olivia stately cheerfully before sauntering off towards the entrance, as the first customers of the day started trickling through the door.

This prompted the rest of the girls into action, Ellie, Hollie and Ella were behind the bar, while the rest of the girls were stationed out on the return to floor waiting tables.

Ellie:

Bladder: 55%

Olivia:

Bladder: 47%

Anna:

Bladder: 50%

Hollie:

Bladder: 65%

Daphne:

Bladder: 68%

Erika:

Bladder: 64%

Lauren:

Bladder: 59%

‘I’m really not sure how long I’m gonna last guys’

Hollie said nervously, already glancing towards the staff room door, knowing that her only source of relief is cut off.

‘Honestly me too’

Added Ella, rubbing her stomach,

‘Monica didn’t mention what to do if we needed to do more than pee did she? It’s just my Mexican food from last night isn’t sitting well…’

Ella:

Bladder: 52%

Bowels: 66%

Ella blushed as she said this, embarrassed by sharing such candid information with her colleagues.

‘You’re definitely going to have to hold that in!’

Ellie replied with a laugh, however she did cast a worried glance over her friends. Her own bladder was pulsating slightly, the knowledge of knowing there was nowhere for her to pee making her need to go even more, but she had no choice but to hold it. Instead Ellie turned towards the expresso machine to make up the first order which had gone through the till and get on with her day, hoping to stay dry till the end of her shift.

The first hour went past quickly as the initial opening rush came and went, Ellie and the other girls were kept busy making drinks and serving them, it was hot work so as much as they wanted to avoid it, all the girls were drinking regularly from their own drinks, at this point Hollie had her legs crossed at the ankles when she was stood still, while each pint Ellie poured was causing her discomfort as it reminded her of all the drinks she had the night before which were still sloshing about inside of her. Ella looked tense as she served customers at the till, but otherwise appeared okay.

Daphne wandered behind the bar to collect some drinks Ellie had made for her table.

‘How are you holding up Daph?’

Ellie asked, noticing the quiet girl seemed unusually antsy.

‘I already need to pee, so I’m not sure how long I can wait, I don’t exactly have the biggest bladder.’

Daphne replied, crossing her legs as she transferred the glasses to her tray.

‘You can do it, I have faith!’

Ellie answered, though currently she wasn’t sure if *she* would make it till the end of the shift, 6PM was a long 6 hours away.

Over the next half an hour Ellie saw all the other girls as they came over to the bar and took away orders.

Olivia was starting to tap her foot when she was stood still, though whether that was impatience from her customers ordering too slowly or her filling bladder was anyone’s guess.

Erika was walking with her legs pressed firmly together, which resulted in her taking longer to take out her orders, but did cause her ass to jut out seductively.

Anna was shifting her weight from foot to foot slowly as she waited for her drinks, however once again that could simply be put down to her energetic nature rather than her need to pee.

Finally, Lauren looked completely fine, encouraging the girls behind the bar whilst betraying no hint of need, seemingly holding true to her earlier statement about only becoming desperate when she is about to burst.

Ellie:

Bladder: 63%

Olivia:

Bladder: 57%

Ella:

Bladder: 60%

Bowels: 75%

Anna:

Bladder: 57%

Hollie:

Bladder: 70%

Daphne:

Bladder: 76%

Erika:

Bladder: 74%

Lauren:

Bladder: 66%

As the lunch rush died down and the few customers left were busy tucking into their meals, the girls started ti catch up with themselves and prepare for the afternoon ahead. It was at this point that their bladders started to catch up too, with everyone except Lauren looking uncomfortable, with Erika, Daphne and Hollie all starting to squirm around in desperation. Everyone else including Ellie had their legs crossed or pressed firmly together. Ellie was forced to pause cashing up a table and bend slightly at the waist as a sudden wave of urgency washed over her. Ellie really was beginning to doubt her ability to hold on till the end of her shift, but by the looks of things everyone was in a similar if not worse boat to her. Poor Ella was left massaging her gurgling stomach and crossing her legs tightly, while the rest of the gathered girls all did their best to not dance about.

It was this point Monica glided into the bar carrying two trays, one filled with sandwiches, the other with large glasses of water.

‘Right girls here are your lunches, proper sandwich subs and big glasses of water which you need to drink all of it!’

This statement promoted a chorus of groans from the girls, catching the eyes of the few customers eating, but nobody refused.

Monica quickly passed the sandwiches and drinks around, with each girl holding into her glass with a hint of trepidation in her eyes, glancing at her fellows and not quite able to bring herself to add more liquid to her rapidly filling bladder.

‘Well?’

Monica demanded with a hint of impatience in her voice.

‘Go on, drink them!’

At this point the girls up ended their glasses and started to gulp down the cool liquid inside. Immediately Daphne, Hollie and Erika started openly squirming, with the rest of the girls crossing their legs, some more tightly than others. The glasses were large and took a while to down, leading to most of the girls shifting around in place by the end of it. Just before she finished her glass, Hollie bobbed down and held herself briefly.

Ellie started massaging her belly as she felt her bladder expand to accommodate all the extra liquid forced into it. She glanced down and could see a slight bulge protruding, making her look bloated. She kept her legs crossed tight as she released she was already desperate for the toilet, how was she going to last till the end of her shift, and more importantly what would she do if she did?

Once they were done drinking, the girls quickly ate their sandwiches, knowing they only had a short period of time to take a break before the customers started flooding in again. More than a few of the girls glanced longingly towards the toilets but nobody dashed off towards them, however much they might want to.

The door swung open again, admitting a large number of guests, they were unusually busy today, good for business and good for the girls as it helped keep their minds off their bladders, however all the walking and talking ensured that they would be forced to constantly sip away at their drinks to stay hydrated.

Most of the girls were openly squirming as the effects of their drinks were starting to be felt. Hollie was having to hold herself as she poured drinks for tables, with Daphne occasionally having to stop and give herself a quick squeeze. Erika looked frantic as she shifted from foot to foot taking orders from a indecisive table of 6. Anna was slowly bobbing up and down behind the till with her legs tightly crossed, doing her best to keep her attention on the customer giving her his order. Olivia meanwhile was stood making a latte with her legs tightly crossed, but otherwise she seemed to be in control of her filling bladder. Ella was starting to look extremely uncomfortable with her legs tightly crossed and her entire body tense as she served her customers, her responses strained and short to the point of almost being rude.

Ellie was seriously starting to struggle, she was having to keep her legs crossed when she was stood still and keeping her thighs pressed together as she walked. When she was asked to pour a pint out for a customer she had no choice but to start shuffling from foot to foot as the golden liquid flowed into the pint glass in her hand, mimicking exactly the action she wished so desperately to do.

Ellie:

Bladder: 70%

Olivia:

Bladder: 77%

Ella:

Bladder: 70%

Bowels: 85%

Anna:

Bladder: 72%

Hollie:

Bladder: 78%

Daphne:

Bladder: 94%

Erika:

Bladder: 87%

Lauren:

Bladder: 77%

Daphne shuffled up to the bar.

“Ellie can you make me a- oh god!”

Daphne cried, crossing her legs tightly and holding herself as Ellie started pouring another pint noisily. Ellie stopped, concerned for her friend as Daphne removed her hand which was now glistening with the spurt which had briefly escaped.

“ I-I leaked! I really can’t hold it! What am I gonna do?”

Daphne stammered, squirming frantically on the spot.

“I don’t know Daph, you’re just gonna have to hold it, we don’t really have a choice so we?”

Ellie said, wincing at the sound of water splashing into her cup.

“But I can’t, it’s starting to run down my legs!”

Daphne moaned, pretzeling her legs in an effort to stop the tiny streams of pee running in rivers down her legs.

“I’m sorry Daph but there’s nothing I can do, I’m bursting to go too.”

Ellie said, her legs also firmly crossed behind the counter. Daphne nodded, breathing deeply before collecting the drinks Ellie had poured for her before heading towards her table with slow steps and legs tightly pressed together, a motion which was increasingly becoming common with all the waitresses.

Ellie turned away to make up another order, but no sooner had she read the order check she heard a squeak and the sound of water hitting the carpet.

She turned over with a sense of dread to see Daphne frozen in place, her legs apart and knees turned in as she noisily emptied her bursting bladder onto the carpet. Her pent up urine gushed out of her tired crotch as Daphne slowly went bright red, in a mix of embarrassment and sheer pleasure of finally releasing her torturous cargo. Daphne went on peeing for a full minute, the carpet quickly becoming saturated and forming a small puddle, causing her pee to splash back up on her legs as her stream slowly started to petter off and finish, leaving the poor girl stood in a puddle of her own making, chest heaving with exhaustion.

The sound of Daphne loudly emptying herself drew the attention of most of the restaurant, with customers straining to get a glimpse of the poor nude girl noisily using the floor as the toilet, with a couple of them clapping at the amount she must have surely been holding inside her. The serving girls all squirmed around with several girls, Hollie and Erika among them, having to hold themselves at the sound of someone finally doing what they do desperately need to do.

It was at this point that Monica appeared from her office, drawn by the sounds of the commotion happening. She had a look of disappointment on her face but when she spoke she didn’t have anything harsh to say to Poor Daphne, she merely handed her a mop, some carpet cleaner and said

“I guess you’re the first out, sort this out then take 10 minutes on break, then you can start drinking again.”

Daphne looked shocked at the last part of her orders

“What, we have to keep drinking?”

Monica glanced back before adding,

“Yep, I am feeling nice today so I will still give you double if you can hold it again till the end of the shift, but if you lose it again then it’s just regular pay.”

She then turned and walked back to her office. The girls behind the bar glanced at each other, knowing that if they wet themselves only once they would at least get some bonus for their suffering.

