The Curse of A Large Bladder

Author: Mickey

*000*2019-01-03 15:20

The Dedication

For @Bangarang

- you asked for a woman hogging the bathroom while a man really needs to get in there. Well the original story I started writing is still a Work-In-Progress - but this one kinda fits your prompt. So till Karen's Karma gets here, I hope you enjoy this

The Desperation Scale

I decided to define my scale in terms of what a person with an average bladder and no shyness would do at this fullness on a long road trip - that's a situation we can all sympathize with after all. And I started at 5, because who cares about fullness till they actually need to pee?

5 - You would stop at the first rest stop you see on the way

6 - You google the nearest rest stop and drive there, even if it is not in the way

7 - You look for the fastest option - a deserted road will do.

8 - You're going behind the next largish bush you see.

9 - Bursting. You will pull over to piss right now - modesty be damned.

10 - The only reason you're still holding is because there's a cop waiting to ticket you for sex crime if you pull it out. You've minutes before it comes out, with or without your permission.

The Story

Kyle had always thought his large bladder was a blessing. Even as a kid, his natural capacity had saved him embarrassment a load of times. In his early adulthood, he had recognized the benefits of being able to delay taking a piss - from never missing a minute of concerts and football matches, to being able to calmly outwait your opponent at negotiations, never needing to succumb to a bursting bladder was a brilliant superpower. As a result, he had gone about improving his bladder capacity - and at 25, he rarely, if ever, peed more than twice a day.

He would take a piss after he woke up around 6am - to start the day nice and empty. Then he would go on his daily 4km run - the flat abdomen, the toned legs and trim build didn't come easy after all. Shower, breakfast with the inevitable cup of coffee, and then cycle an hour to office. By the time he reached office, he has usually consumed at least a litre of water thanks to all the exercises. He keeps well hydrated through out the day - mostly on water. By the time he is done with his day, typically around 4pm, his bladder feels stretched out. 10hrs and 3 liters of liquids would do that to a man. He still waits till he gets home though - why use dirty urinals if you can use a clean one?

After years of practice, his bladder capacity is around 2 litres - and he usually pees between 1500-1600mL once he gets home. So no, he is never really desperate - though he is often uncomfortably full, a throbbing sensation in his lower abdomen accompanying him home every evening. A man in the middle of 7/10 zone you could say.

Even on the days he goes out drinking with his mates in the evening, he rarely needs to pee before bed. He waits till morning - never liked giving in to his bladder anyway. So yeah, he had the peeing thing all figured out.

Till right about now.

He had picked up Ruby, his girlfriend, from the airport directly after office yesterday. Taken her to a nice, romantic dinner. Gone dancing and bar hopping afterwards. Had a great time actually.

Knowing he wouldn't get home till at least 10pm, he had policed his liquid intake throughout the day - determined to avoid using a public toilet. Not that he had to police it too much - especially later in the night he had drunk with abandon, knowing his bladder will make it home safe. Under a lot of pressure, but safe.

And the plan had worked out perfectly fine. Really, it had.

He had delayed taking his morning piss till after his run. If truth be told, he was bursting by the time he made it back - he could feel the pee sloshing around his bladder with each step he took by then. Apparently his body wasn't used to holding so early in the morning. But he had made it through the 4kms and didn't exactly have to rush to the toilet.

There might have been frequent stops to cross his legs and squeeze his dick shut during the run. But there was no one to see anyway. And the pleasure when his bladder finally relaxed properly (30 seconds that felt like hours) and the pee started gushing out of him, deflating his bladder? That could only be described as orgasmic! As a man who permitted himself to pee only twice a day, Kyle knew how underrated the pleasure of a much needed pee was.

He quickly crossed his legs, groaning softly, as pain shot through his bladder.

Thinking of your last piss, while almost pissing yourself, is a terrible idea. He kneaded his dick, hoping he could last till the bathroom was free. Probably for the first time in his life, he wasn't sure he would. His entire length was tingling with the need to pee - he has never been this desperate in his life. But then, he has never gone 24 hours without a pee either.

He gulped down his pride and knocked on the door.

"Hey, you nearly done?" he managed to croak in a trembling voice

"Someone's impatient" came Ruby's teasing response.

Oh, if only she knew! He couldn't even stand straight - the weight of his bladder pulling him down. He had been standing here, legs crossed, bent double, hands firmly on his crotch, for nearly 10minutes now. Hearing the shower running was torture for Kyle's poor bladder. But he couldn't move away - he had barely managed to walk the 20 steps from his bed to the bathroom without wetting himself. If he had to move his legs even an inch apart, he would wet himself. He just knew it.

"Babe, I really need to pee" he admitted. He had never had to admit to a need to pee - even as a child, his parents would be the ones admitting a need and taking a rest stop before he became too desperate.

But desperate times call for desperate means. He was minutes away from completely wetting himself. By a miracle he hadn't leaked yet - probably the finger against his pee-hole helped (After 5 minutes of waiting outside the door, he had bid goodbye to decorum and kept a finger busy firmly rubbing the tip of his cock. He was naked and cluctching his dick for dear life anyway. What difference would a finger make! The friction had felt heavenly. But the relief had been short-lived - his bladder was way over capacity)

"Well, should have peed before bed" she responded a little sarcastically.

Ya, he should have. Any normal human being would have.

But for the first time, his large bladder had gotten him in to trouble.

After that orgasmic morning pee, he had restricted his liquid intake throughout the working day. As a result, when 4pm came around, he was a 5/10 rather than his normal 6/10, inching towards 7/10. When he sat down for dinner at 6:30pm, he was still doing pretty well - just a 6/10. The two glasses of wine and two of water accompanying dinner notwithstanding, when Ruby excused herself to go pee before they left, he hadn't been tempted at all. He was just entering the 7/10 zone - he would be fine.

He had let himself drink freely once they went to the disco - he knew the movement would work in his favor if he did start needing a pee, and he would be home soon. By 9:30pm he was at a solid 8/10. Thank goodness for dancing and superb bladder control. His spinchter had no problem holding back the waves - though without his training, or if he was forced to be absolutely still with legs spread apart, he would probably have wet himself.

Ruby had excused herself again, but Kyle had decided to reduce his drinking rather than give in to his urges. He couldn't refuse to drink completely - after all, bar hopping had been the point - but he refused the beers and went for shots. 15ml, even drank 5 times, is a lot less than 750.

However the diuretic effects were not. As his bladder could attest right now - after they had 7 or 8 hours of sleep to work their "wonder".

Still, when they stumbled home at 10:30pm, Kyle had been in control. Ruby had waddled quickly to the toilet - murmuring she was "bursting for a wee". Kyle, in spite of his bladder reaching a very uncomfortable 9/10, had been a gentleman and let her go first. Entering their bedroom, he had merely rubbed his lower abdomen and promised it relief soon. There was a dull ache and a steady pressure at the base of his penis and he had to keep his thighs close together - but he was literally 20 steps away from a toilet. And not like he was unused to controlling his bladder.

What could go wrong?

Well, a lot actually. Kneading his dick wasn't doing it any more, neither was frantically rubbing against his pee-hole. He could feel a few drops slide out of his tightly clenched spinchter and rush across his urethra. He could feel the dampness against his fingers. Fuck, he couldn't believe this - he was wetting himself!

With every ounce of will power he had, he managed to stop the flow. The pain in his rock hard bladder was intense. The waves that hit the base of his dick every few seconds, felt like someone was beating his bladder with a hammer. He looked around the room, looking for any receptacle that would hold at least some of the pee waiting to gush out. Unfortunately there was none.

Fortunately though, the shower had stopped - Ruby must come out soon. But he didn't have more than a minute left in him. As he had found out during his "training", once he started leaking, it was impossible for him to stop, or hold back for longer than a minute or two.

Oh, why hadn't he peed last night? Oh yes, the curse of a large bladder.

As he changed in to pyjamas, his bladder had gratefully bulged outwards, finally free of the restricting jeans. He was so used to his jeans digging in to his bladder, he hadn't even consciously noted the pressure till it was removed. His need to pee immediately reduced back to 8/10 - apparently as a thank you from his overworked bladder. Or, given later events, may be a fuck you.

Ruby had come out looking much relieved and enveloped him in a hug. The hug had escalated to frantic kissing - the kissing becoming slow and lingering only once the clothes had come off. All thoughts of peeing had disappeared in the ectasy of finally having her close again (and having space for his bladder to expand hadn't hurt). Sparks had flown on their bed for the next hour - he could swear to that.

What hadn't flown out was the veritable flood in his bladder. When they had finally collapsed in each other's arms, he had felt a sharp jolt from his bladder, reminding him of the long held back piss. But he had Ruby in his arms, and it was warm, and post-sex cuddles were the best thing in the universe. Though he was at a 9/10 by then, he knew he could wait some more. Crossing his legs and manouevering his bloated bladder to a slightly more comfortable position he had decided to wait "just 5 more minutes".

And fallen asleep.

He had woken up with a very desperate urge to pee, at 6:30am. Today. Almost 24 hours worth of pee hammering against his spinchter, demanding to be let loose.

He could barely think straight in his desperation - instinct guiding his hands to his cock, rubbing frantically, trying to gain some semblance of control. It was a miracle he didn't wet the bed - he had consumed five or six litres of liquids and not peed in 24hours. His bladder had definitely exceeded its 2L capacity.

It had taken a few minutes for the wave to subside enough to let get out of bed. Every movement was tortuous for his over filled bladder. Even when he was training himself to hold, he had never been this desperate. It was definitely a 10/10, and only his extremely well trained muscles had kept him from pissing all over the bed and floor.

He had bent double as soon as he stood up - the sudden pull of gravity nearly overcoming his tenuous hold of the floodgates. His bladder bulge was prominent and huge - made even more obvious since he hadn't bothered putting on clothes last night. He had hobbled his way to the toilet, stopping every two steps to grab himself or hold up his rock hard bladder.

After what felt like hours, he had found his hand against the door knob. Looking immensely forward to the white porcelain throne, he had turned the knob. That's when he had heard the shower running and almost pissed himself again. Fuck, he couldn't believe it - after holding for almost 24-hours, his body really wasn't in a state to hold it till Ruby finished her shower. He almost screamed in frustration. Oh, he needed to pee so so bad! How could life be so unfair?

He really should have splurged on the 2-bathroom apartment, he thought ruefully as he hopped from foot to foot trying to maintain some semblance of control. He thought about begging Ruby to open the door - but his pride and shame took over, and he settled for a frantic pee dance and grinding his cock against his thigh, in a desperate attempt to hold on. It wasn't doing him much good though.

After 5 minutes of hearing that shower run, his desperation increased further. He hadn't thought it was possible - but now he could feel a constant wall of pressure at the base of his dick, the litres of hot piss waiting to come out. That's when he had given in and started rubbing the tip of his penis - gaining a tiny little bit of relief.

Another 5 minutes had passed before he gave in and knocked. He knew he was minutes away from losing control completely - his bloated bladder producing a constant sharp ache, even though he was bent double and clenching every single muscle. He felt like there was a ton of bricks in his abdomen. There were tears in his eyes from the pain of holding a day worth of piss in. He thought he would piss any second, he thought of the exquisite relief it would bring. He nearly lost it, till conditioning and shame brought him back to reality and he focused his mind on keeping just one muscle tight. And that was 5 minutes ago now.

As his fingers dampened from his leak, he croacked out "Please Ruby, I can't wait a second longer".

He thought he could feel the over worked muscles loosening, slowly being forced apart, as the litres of piss dug out an escape route, cheered on by the vice-like pressure inside the bladder. If Ruby didn't open up, they would have a huge mess on the bedroom floor to clean up. Even a large bladder has a finite capacity!

Something about his voice must have gotten the urgency through, because Ruby opened the door almost immediately - water dripping from her still wet body. Bent double in pain, Kyle couldn't see the concern on her face - he could think of nothing but the toilet as another few drops dribbled out. He just about managed to make it inside the bathroom as drops of pee escaped his fingers and pattered to the floor.

"Shit, I am sorry babe. Didn't realize it was this bad. Should have said something sooner!" Ruby apologized guiltily. Kyle couldn't even answer - every ounce of his mental power was concentrated on keeping his spinchter locked till he reached the toilet.

Every step was agony - even the mincing steps he took jolted his bladder. He dimly heard Ruby saying "babe, just let it go! It's okay, I will clean it up. Just, just pee" - she could see the extreme pain he was in. But he continued stubbornly towards the toilet in slow motion, leaving only a trail of yellow drops behind him.

Finally, finally he had reached the promised land. He couldn't even stand up straight - he just hunched over the toilet bowl, balancing with a hand against the flush tank and let his muscles relax. Only a few drops came out, his spinchter not believing it actually had permission to unlock. He cried out in frustration - the pain was insane, and yet here he was was getting only drops of relief.

Ruby walked up to him and gently laid a hand against his shoulder.

"When was the last time you peed?"

"7 o'clock." He croaked out. "Yesterday morning" he added through clenched teeth, as he tried forcing his muscles to relax.

"What!?" was the only response a shell shocked Ruby could muster.

"Large bladder" Kyle responded sarcastically.

As Ruby rubbed soothing circles on his back, his spinchter finally relaxed enough to let a spurt out. And then another. He sighed in relief, though the relatively tiny amounts of pee leaving his bladder didn't reduce the pressure one bit. At least it was better than drops.

It took a full 2 minutes before he started peeing with full force, Ruby watching the golden stream erupt from his thick penis in utter awe, hands stilled in surprise at the sheer force of the waterfall.

The toilet water was frothing where it hit, little splashbacks hitting Kyle as he sprayed a gusher all over the toilet bowl. He couldn't care less - the relief was exquisite. Not like he could have slowed the stream, even if he had tried. He continued peeing at full force for 30s before his bladder even softened - and it took a good two minutes before his bladder bulge disappeared. He could feel his bladder deflate, the pain reducing as the pee flowed away - though he knew from experience the dull ache wouldn't go away for quite a while afterwards. He could live with that.

A minute later, the stream had reduced to a trickle and Kyle could stand up straight again. Ruby kissed him on the mouth as his pee continued to trickle out in to the toilet bowl - the water level a good few inches above normal.

When his bladder finally emptied after 24 hours, and Ruby deepened the kiss, Kyle decided Heaven did indeed exist on Earth.

The Desperate Cry for Feedback

You know the drill Please leave your comments and feedback - what worked for you, what didn't? Did you like it? Was the change of tense/time confusing?

I am always looking to improve my writing!

*002*2019-01-03 16:02

{{21 minutes ago, Dtravis said:

I would love to read something like this with role reversal, where woman is the one who has to hold it. The idea is great.

}}

Well, there is (yet another *sigh*) WIP, where a small-bladdered man and his huge-bladdered female colleague are out in the jungle for a day. The man rushes around taking desperate leaks multiple times, trying to hide it from his colleague (mostly due to shyness), while the woman is forced (mostly due to self conditioning) in to an 'accidental' 24-hr hold. Probably won't finish with a kiss though ... One of these days, I will finish it

*011*2019-01-16 13:41

{{On 1/4/2019 at 1:02 AM, Wombat48 said:

I think for me this was perfection

The description of journey towards almost losing it and literally just making it was fantastic

Please keep writing about Male desperation!!!

}}

Why thank you! I am glad to know you enjoyed it! I will definitely write more male desperation - in fact I am starting a new fic today - Karen's Karma, with long drawn out male and female desperation (while I prefer male desperation, most readers seem to be on the female side, so double desperation is my happy middle ground). I hope you give it a read! :)

{{On 1/4/2019 at 2:07 AM, Spectator9 said:

I certainly did enjoy this, and I have no doubt that there are some young men with large bladders who overestimated their holding ability and learned their limits the hard way.

}}

Thank you for letting me know! And yes, that is one of my favorite tropes in fact. There is something so hot about a man who never has to pee being utterly desperate!

{{On 1/4/2019 at 8:43 AM, BeeCat said:

This was soooo hot wow. Also it's the first realistic but extreme story I've read? Most things seem to be a few hours (which I like!) or like, many days, which I like the tension of but can't get past how I can't imagine it. I could believe this would be real.

I loved your descriptions of how he got there and his states. The flashbacks and forward were a little confusing but I also really enjoyed them. Thank you!

}}

* Blush blush * Thank you for the detailed feedback! :) And I'm so happy you liked the "realistic yet extreme" desperation aspect. I have the same problem with extreme desperation - can't suspend my disbelief :-/ And yet, a long long hold is just so hot! So on balance 24-hr seemed like a good time period.

{{On 1/4/2019 at 10:33 AM, BadArtist said:

This was great, I love it!

}}

Thank you!

{{On 1/4/2019 at 6:36 PM, Bangarang said:

This was great! Thank you for doing my request, I look forward to your next writing. I particularly enjoyed the little teasing part from her

}}

Well, Karen's Karma, with a lot of (intentional) bathroom hogging will be up today. Or rather, the first part will be. I'm afraid (or glad?) there's a really long drawn build-up, and the actual bathroom hogging doesn't start till Part-6. I hope you enjoy that one!

{{On 1/5/2019 at 3:23 PM, Rexone_312 said:

I am generally not interested in male desperation but I could relate to this so well. Reminded me one of my first dates . Ah! The indescribable satisfaction of being able to hold with a lady round the clock and then even letting her go first and then waiting a few more hours to reach home! You hit a homerun with this. . Thank you for the story. Would love to have more such stories!

}}

Thank you for the comment, and giving this story a read even though male desperation isn't your thing

{{On 1/6/2019 at 5:53 AM, trackboy said:

I loved the story. how he was really good at holding a lot and enforced control only going twice a day and always holding before bed. then in this story he had sex while busting which made the expreince a lot more intense as his bladder was so full while having sex. Then his going to sleep busting. waking up totally desperate then the surprise of having to hold a big longer. then the intense relief of his very long piss. was looking for the up vote but there is no way to up vote your story. I love male desperation both in myself and in others.

}}

Thank you for letting me know how much you enjoyed this! :) I seem to end up writing a lot of double desperation (male + female), but I sometimes indulge myself and do male-only stories. Glad to know I'm not the only one who enjoys those :-D

{{On 1/6/2019 at 5:06 PM, huberp76 said:

A really good story! I love long time holdings.I love it if someone with a large bladder and a strong sphincter is at the limit of ability to hold it and than get forced to hold it longer.

}}

Me too! :) Thanks for letting me know what you loved!

*014*2019-02-15 12:08

{{On 2/7/2019 at 10:44 PM, Jackles12 said:

OMG i was totally bursting at the same time i was reading this!

This was so hot. I could feel myself the relief as Kyle.

Thanks so much

}}

I'm so happy to know you identified with Kyle's relief

{{On 2/13/2019 at 4:06 AM, Chikita said:

Nice! I did find the tense changes a bit confusing but I really liked how you described his desperate actions in detail. That was nice (and gave me some stuff to fantasize about)

}}

Thank you for the feedback! I love it when people tell me what did and didn't work! Also, glad to provide fantasy materials

*018*2020-07-01 19:39

{{On 6/17/2020 at 10:20 PM, FemWet said:

Hey what happened to Karen's Karma?

}}

I did post that story on this site -

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/48313-karens-karma/?do=embed"

{{On 6/19/2020 at 6:18 PM, triggercommand said:

I’d love to read one with a guy that has a mega-bladder bar hopping with his friends, refusing to show need because of pride, especially after they keep ordering more beers and pitchers for the group. Maybe they’re trying to get him to crack...

}}

Huh! That does sound like my kinda story Although I haven't finished any story in a while, so I don't know if I'll ever get to this. Thanks for the idea though!

{{On 5/5/2019 at 7:02 PM, followurideal said:

Mickey this was,, so hot, 10/10. The tense change was just a bit confusing but it sorted itself out near the end

}}

Thank you for the feedback! Even though I'm more than a year late responding

