The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 14

Author: Mbgpeelover

*325*2024-01-11 01:12

Ellen’s awful night

Walking around the store filling her trolley with many of the things she’d really missed waiting for her wage to arrive Ellen couldn’t stop thinking about Mykhaila and Daniel. Was the girl able to still see her mum and had she been told quite how unwell her mum really was? Was she still going to Pirie Park primary with her friends or had she had to move schools just like she’d had to do so often as a child? Picking up some fruit and vegetables she thought about Daniel too. Maybe after she’d got home again and had some tea she might text him and explain about how she felt about others buying her clothes. She felt sad having rushed away from him but he’d hit a nerve and panic had set in. The way she’d seem him still standing in her rear view mirror as she drove away though lingered in her thoughts as she moved from aisle to aisle finding what she needed.

Opting for the self scan rather than having to face friendly chat from a checkout assistant Ellen bagged everything she’d bought and headed back to her car. Putting it all in the boot she drove the short distance to her maisonette glad to at least get parked nearer the entrance for once. Picking up the bags she paused to lock the car then struggled up the stairs to her front door. Seeing an unfamiliar and unnerving tall man standing at her neighbours door she quickly unlocked her flat and let herself in. Immediately locking the door again she moved into the small kitchen shivering a little with fear at who was lingering in the hallway just outside her flat. Putting everything away quickly she made herself a mug of tea before remembering that she’d left her laptop still in the car!

Leaving the hot mug sitting she peeked out the window of the front door to check if anyone was around before unlocking it quickly then locking it again. Racing down the stairs as fast as her larger body would go she briskly walked to her car, collected her things and the bag of clothing she’d forgotten too then checked behind her as she relocked the car. 

Feeling very uneasy and nervous she raced back into the building in through the damaged from door and up the stairs seeing the tall man dressed entirely in black still standing at the neighbour’s door, this time peering in through the front door window. Getting inside as quickly as she could Ellen locked her door then stood leaning back on it panting. She hated not feeling safe but she also reminded herself that she’d been in worse situations before and had always been ok. Pushing down the thoughts that seemed to now dominate her mind and make her sweat she walked into her small kitchen to drink her cuppa and make a start on some dinner.

Turning on some music to drown out her concerns she sang along to her favourite tracks as she diced some chicken and lightly browned it. Adding a little sauce and some stir fry vegetables she stirred the mixture while she waited on some rice cooking. Now feeling so blessed to actually have her own kitchen and the ability to cook her own meals any time she wanted her mind once again went to the refugees on the cruise ship. Imagining Oleksandr and his wife, and Myroslava and young Katya, and so many of the others she now counted as friends, finally having the independence soon to look after themselves again she smiled happily. She would have loved them all to have settled nearby but picturing the beautiful newly refurbished flats in Tulloch Court she couldn’t deny that it was a brilliant opportunity they couldn’t knock back.

Taking her meal into the main room she turned off her music and switched on the small TV to watch as she enjoyed her freshly prepared food with a large glass of lemonade. Half watching the quiz show that was on she started thinking about her up and coming interview. Maybe Daniel was right and she should update her CV? Deciding she’d have a go at just that after she’d eaten she finished her meal and took the empty plate to the kitchen. Hearing knocking nearby she tried ignoring it as she returned into the main room and opened up her laptop.

Starting with a quick google to remind herself what to put in the CV she began with the basics and was just thinking what to put for formal qualifications when she didn’t actually have any when she heard a firm knock on her own front door. Genuinely scared who it might be she slid the security chain on and opened the door just a small amount. Peering out the gap into the dark she almost jumped in shock seeing Daniel’s dark face looking back at her.

“Hi Ellen. May I come in? I have something for you.”

Closing the door to remove the chain Ellen opened the door just enough to let Daniel in before quickly closing it behind him and immediately locking it.

“Are you ok? Has something happened? You look like you’ve seen a ghost?”

“It’s nothing. I’m fine. Hey listen I was going to text you but I’ve been really busy. Sorry about earlier. Honestly I don’t need anything from you, especially clothing. I already owe you enough for the gas. So what was it you wanted to give me? I’m a bit busy just now.”

“Ah. Emmmm. So I know you said you didn’t want me to get you anything for your interview but…well I’m just so proud of you and I know how much you want this job. You look beautiful in all your clothes, of course, but I thought these might just…sorry. I should have listened to you.”

Ellen was just about to say something when a loud bang nearby made her jump.

“What the fuck was that?”

“I don’t know but it didn’t sound good.”

Still in shock at the bang Ellen was sure she could hear someone running as she looked at Daniel terrified. Whispering as if someone might hear her she looked up at her boyfriend pale faced and sweating.

“I think something’s going down here tonight. When I got home there was some strange man outside the neighbours flat. He looked like he was up to something. I don’t know what that bang was but it’s made me very uneasy.”

“Me too. I don’t know how you can live here Ellen. It’s like a war zone and that staircase is shocking. I wouldn’t even offer this flat to anyone on the housing list. I’m sorry if that offends you but this place gives me the creeps. Are you sure it’s safe here? I’ve seen some really rough places in my job but this takes it all. How anyone managed to get a mortgage for this flat is beyond me.”

Shyly, almost defensively, Ellen looked up at Daniel feeling like she had to justify her very existence.

“It…it wasn’t quite this bad when I moved in a few months ago.”

“Can you smell burning?”

“I’ve just made myself some dinner. I turned the cooker off though. I checked earlier.”

“It’s not food sort of burning. Ellen get your stuff. I think we should get out of here right now!”

Watching in shock as Daniel slammed the lid down of her laptop and grabbed it Ellen rushed over to pick up the bin bag of clothing she still hadn’t put away, threw her handbag over her shoulders, grabbed her coat which she’d tossed over the couch and rushed to the front door. Quickly unlocking it she grabbed the keys and let Daniel out then locked the door and raced behind Daniel down the stairs, dodging the debris as much as she could. Now hearing a smoke alarm blaring she could also hear her own heart racing as she ran behind Daniel out the front door and down the path to the main road.

“You know the way to mine don’t you? Pull down the side of the house and park by the garage. Go!”

Doing exactly as Daniel said Ellen tossed her clothes and bag onto the passenger seat and walked round to the driver’s side, looking up at the block of flats which had been her first real chance at independence. Seeing flames at the door of her neighbours flat she pulled her phone out of her pocket and called 999 before getting into the driver’s seat and staring straight ahead.

In shock, cold, and feeling like she needed a wee she debated just sitting there when she started hearing people screaming and shouting coming out the block of flats. Terrified, anxious and tearful she turned the engine on to warm up, then thinking she saw the man dressed in black again, she pulled away and drove to Daniel’s on autopilot, Even sleeping rough in the warehouse before hadn’t been this traumatic or terrifying!

Pulling down the side of Daniel’s quiet suburban house Ellen turned her engine off and let her head fall onto the steering wheel. Breaking down in loud sobs she sat there alone, feeling like she’d lost everything yet again. How could some people like Daniel have life so easy when others like her and the refugees had to go through so much? It was so unfair. So heartbreakingly unfair and wrong.

&&

*330*2024-01-12 00:50

Daniel’s rush to escape

Seeing Ellen’s car parked right at the lane to her block of flats Daniel drove slowly passed it then manoeuvred his own car carefully into a space a few cars in front. Excited to see Ellen’s face when she saw what he’d chosen for her he put any niggles about her previous insistence that he gave her space aside. In his mind she’d be grateful, happy, and embrace both him and the clothing. He was helping her after all and trying to give her the best possible chance at getting the job in Dundee.

Taking the clothing and carefully carrying them he walked down the short path towards the run down block anxiously pushing the broken front door open and wishing someone would report the now broken stair light to the council so it could be fixed. Negotiating the filthy stairs as best as possible in the dark he turned to the right on the first landing to the open walkway. Thinking he could hear footprints he looked down towards the street to see several people walking around and nodded to himself satisfied that that was what he’d just heard. Knocking on Ellen’s door he stood smiling excitedly looking forward to getting a welcome reception and perhaps even a small reward in some way for his thoughtfulness.

Weirdly, despite knowing Ellen was in, she didn’t seem to open the door enthusiastically at all, instead peering through the door window as if expecting someone else. Even weirder instead of then opening the door as usual to let him in she only opened it a slither on the security chain to really check it was him. Even only seeing Ellen’s head and shoulders Daniel felt something wasn’t right. Worried for his girlfriend he was relieved when she closed the door to remove the security chain and pulled him inside, though her actions were still strange and the way she locked the door so suddenly behind him was troubling.

Now having a clearer look at Ellen he was more concerned than ever. Her face ashen, her eyebrows raised and her bottom lip quivering he looked at her demanding to know what had happened. Whatever the issue was though Ellen clearly wasn’t for saying as she muttered something about being busy and repeating that she didn’t want clothing, just like before. Now feeling guilty, awkward, and even frustrated he looked down at the brand new items in his arms then back at Ellen. She surely wouldn’t object now that he’d gone to all the effort of picking them out, buying the right size and bringing them to her would she?

Deciding quickly to start by flattering Ellen, which came easily and freely, he was just about to tell her about the new skirt and jumper when a huge bang shook them both and made them jump. Not one for swearing the suddenness and volume caused the f word to slip out before Daniel could correct himself. Ellen appeared just as terrified and confused as he was as he heard footsteps once again and felt an overwhelming desire to run. Only half processing what Ellen was saying about seeing someone hanging around by the next door neighbour’s flat Daniel was preoccupied trying to identify some unusual smell. Realising now that it smelt like something burning he interrupted Ellen to question her urgently, asking if she could smell it too.

Why wasn’t she getting the same urgency to run that he was? He wasn’t interested in what she’d been cooking because he knew already that the smell wasn’t burnt food but more the rancid thick dangerous smell of smoke from furniture and household items. Seeing Ellen’s laptop he instinctively snapped the lid shut, grabbing it and pushing it under his arm as he shouted at Ellen to get out the house as quickly as she could. Rushing to the door he narrowly came second to Ellen, who had thankfully grabbed her bin bag of clothing and her handbag. Thankful she hadn’t bothered getting anything else he couldn’t wait to get out of her flat and down the stairs to fresh air. Assuming Ellen was right behind her took the stairs two at a time desperately wanting out into the fresh air and expecting to hear explosions any second.

Glad to hear Ellen right behind him as he pushed open the broken security door he shouted to her to drive to his as he sprinted to his own car and tossed the laptop and clothing on the front passenger seat. Pausing only to check Ellen was safely at her own car before he got into his own he looked up at the block of flats feeling relieved to have escaped. Adrenaline making his every move impulsive, fast and risky he sped out of the space hearing his tyres screeching. Putting his foot flat to the pedal he only slowed down as he approached a junction. Now a safe distance from Ellen’s block he breathed and opened his car window for air.

He was ok. Ellen was ok. Whatever had happened they had escaped and perhaps it was no bad thing for such a run down block of flats to be destroyed by fire? Immediately finding himself returning to his lifelong experience of working in council housing he started thinking of the chaos his colleagues would find themselves now in, especially so whoever was doing emergency cover that night. Driving on autopilot back to his own safe home he was thinking of all the occupants having to move into emergency hotel rooms and the admin that would then take place to try to find those affected by the fire new places to live. Stepping out the car at the side of his house to unlock his garage Daniel smiled to himself happy at the thought that at least Ellen had somewhere much better, more comfortable, to stay for however long she needed.

Parking his car in the garage he locked it up and went into his house via the kitchen door carefully placing the new clothes and Ellen’s laptop on his dining table. Assuming Ellen might want a cuppa to calm down he dutifully filled the kettle and put it on to boil as he realised he still hadn’t had his dinner yet. Opening his freezer he chose another meal from his mother as he switched the oven on to heat and waited for Ellen to arrive. Hearing the kettle boil he made himself a coffee and a tea for his girlfriend expecting Ellen to walk through the door any moment.

Feeling sure he’d heard a car in his driveway he placed the hot drinks on the table and stared at the door waiting expectantly for it to open. When no one appeared to be there he walked towards the door, opened it, and stepped outside to see the front of Ellen’s car, then paused as he heard sobbing. Only then did it dawn on him the enormity of what had just happened as he tentatively approached the driver’s door of Ellen’s small car and gently opened it. Not really knowing what to say as she sat slumped over the steering wheel sobbing he rubbed her back gently then lent down towards her face, gently pulled her thick hair aside, then whispered that there was a cup of tea waiting for her inside.

That seemed to be enough, thankfully, as Ellen raised her head and looked at him, her eyes bloodshot and her face pale and drawn. Slowly helping her out the car Daniel leaned in to get her bag as he let her hold onto him as he guided her carefully into the kitchen. Sitting her down at the kitchen table by her tea he hung her bag over the chair beside her then closed the back door. Walking around the table to sit opposite Ellen he reached over to place his hand on hers.

“You’re not hurt at all are you?”

Seeing her lift her blotchy tired eyes Daniel rubbed her arm reassuringly.

“No. You?”

“I’m absolutely fine too. In shock still, but physically fine. I know you don’t take sugar in your tea but given the circumstances tonight would you like some this time?”

Watching as Ellen took a sip then tried to muster a small smile Daniel waited for her answer.

“No thanks. It’s fine like this. Do you mind if I set up my laptop and get back on with some work? I have an interview on Friday and I still haven’t even made my CV yet.”

“If you’re sure that what you want to do Ellen. You can do whatever you want here. Treat it as your own home.”

Seeing a silent tear roll down Ellen’s face Daniel wanted to punch himself for being so careless with his words yet again. Looking his exhausted beleaguered girlfriend in the eye he lowed his head apologetically.

“Sorry. I’m so sorry Ellen. I just don’t know what else to say.”

*331*2024-01-13 00:46

Ellen gets a call from Dundee

Wether it was the cold air in the car now the engine had been turned off, or the shock of the fire, or because she was crying so much, but Ellen felt cold, scared and so alone as she sat with her head buried in her arms on the steering wheel. She had no idea whether it was minutes or hours she’d been sitting there for when she eventually felt the drivers door being opened and a cold draft hitting her side. Somehow, despite everything, Ellen sensed somehow that she was safe and that it was Daniel leaning close to her, touching her hair softly and talking. The lure of a warm cup of tea was so overwhelming as she slowly raised her head to check her instincts were right and it was in fact Daniel Omari, the same man who had rescued her from her own home and potentially saved her life.

Looking up at his face through blurry bloodshot eyes she felt her body being drawn to his as he slowly and carefully supported her weight to help her out the car and into his house. The warmth and brightness hit her hard when she walked through the door as her head spun and her legs felt weak. Grateful to have a seat to rest on she reached out to feel the warm mug of tea in front of her to check it was real. Feeling Daniel’s hand on her arm she was glad to be touched for once as it helped her mind refocus on exactly where she was now. Hearing him speak she took slightly longer to process the question as her mind did a check of her body to check she was indeed unhurt as he voiced a weak ‘no’ in return to Daniel question asking if she was injured.

Trying to focus her weary eyes as his voice sort of disappeared as quickly as he spoke Ellen finally realised he was asking if she wanted sugar in her tea. Finding this a strange question when she’d never had sugar in her tea ever to her recollection she sipped at the warm beverage to confirm that it was in fact made the way she liked it. The wetness against her lips was so refreshing as she took a second sip and began feeling slowly more with it, so much so in fact that she saw that her laptop was on the table too, reminding her of what she was doing back home before everything changed so suddenly. Struggling to recall what day of the week it was a strong memory pressed upon her that she had an interview on Friday, whenever that was, and that she needed to make a CV.

Hoping to wipe out any memory of the last hour of her life and get back some sort of control as best she could Ellen slid her laptop towards her and opened the lid. Instinctively typing in the passcode the computer opened exactly where she’d left off as if nothing had changed. Trying to read the small print Ellen rubbed her eyes and drank more of her tea as she felt her mind returning and her focus coming back. Wiping a tear from her cheek she moved the curser to a fresh line as she looked across the table to Daniel.

“So my CV: What do I put for qualifications?”

“Your school results from exams. Your highers or any college qualifications you have. Did you go to university?”

“I didn’t really get any grades at school. In fact I’m not even sure I can remember all the schools I attended as I moved so often. I’ve never been to college or university either. I did a first aid course one mind you. Does that count?”

“Was it in the last three years?”

“Emm. I don’t think so.”

“Then it’s out of date now anyway and not really relevant, sorry. Have you done any courses with Shelter?”

“Yeah. I had a full two weeks of training with them and I have certificates at home for them. There was all sorts from managing challenging behaviours, to domestic abuse and homelessness, to homelessness and Scottish law, to identifying vulnerabilities, and I think there was another one too…something about challenging and defending homelessness decisions or something like that.”

“Those are perfect. Put every single one of those down.”

Feeling a little more encouraged Ellen attempted to list all the courses she could remember when she was interrupted by the sound of her mobile ringing. Pulling it out her pocket she was surprised to see Nadia’s name on the screen. Answering brightly whilst finishing her tea she was puzzled for a second before remembering that the girl and her mum had moved the day before to Dundee. Listening to the teenager Ellen nodded as she heard how she was struggling to get hot water and asking if Ellen could help as there was no one around she could ask. Not sure even what sort of heating the flats in Tulloch Court even had, other than the fact she knew there was no gas, Ellen thought logically and asked a few basic questions.

“Have you got heating?”

“Yes.”

“Have you had hot water at all today?”

“Yes. Mum had a bath and I had a shower earlier and I washed up too. It’s only now it’s gone cold.”

Puzzled Ellen looked up watching Daniel pull his dinner out of the oven as he placed it on the table and looked at her curiously. Covering the phone with her hand Ellen told Daniel who it was and what the problem was. Carrying on fetching cutlery and a can of cold juice as he listened Ellen was amazed at his reply when it came.

“Claypots emailed me about that. They’ve completely renewed the entire heating system and replaced it with a modern and efficient ground source heat pump. If they’ve had heating and hot water all day and still have heating then there should be a switch by their sunamp in their kitchen they can turn on to get emergency hot water. Their thermostat probably needs adjusted if they are home all day. They need to get one of the contractors to explain their thermostat to them better as the emergency hot water costs much more.”

Doing her best to convey what Daniel said as simply as possible to the young Ukrainian she talked Nadia through finding their water storage unit and switching the emergency hot water switch on. Reassuring her that she’d get a contractor to pop in in the morning to explain everything to them and sort it out she checked they now had hot water again before letting Nadia know how proud she was of her for calling for help and how well she had done. Ending the call Ellen looked at Daniel, who was casually eating his dinner.

“Thank you for that. I had no idea. Fat lot of good I’d be at caretaker. I don’t know what I was thinking even wanting to apply. I didn’t even know what heating they had in the block let alone how to work it!”

“That’s only because you didn’t get the email from the contractor. You’d soon learn once you started. It’s a disgrace that those refugees are calling you still at this time of night for something that should have been explained to them when they moved in. We didn’t let any refugee onto the Adventurer II until we had all the relevant staff in place. You don’t invite someone to move into a whole new local authority where they don’t know anyone and barely speak the language. What if they didn’t have your number? What if it was something more urgent than just no hot water? You know I’m so angry at Keith and Dundee City Council. They knew this was happening for months and yet here we are with the first batch of refugees moved in already and there’s not one single staff member there on site to support them.”

“I should just move in with one of them seeing as I’m homeless…again.”

“You might not be. Let’s take things as they come and we can pop by your flat tomorrow and see how things are in daylight. The fire brigade might have managed to contain things quickly and you might just have some smoke damage or something. It should all be covered under your home insurance anyway”

“Ah…I never bothered with that. It was way too expensive! I had no idea I’d need it did I?”

*332*2024-01-15 01:05

Working on Ellen CV.

Watching Ellen slide her laptop along the table and open it up Daniel hoped she was ok. Maybe she was just trying to distract herself from what they’d just been through and the fact they’d just left her block of flats on fire, or maybe this was her way of coping? Either way he sipped at his coffee as she worked. Glancing at his watch he knew his dinner would be ready to come out the oven and he was just thinking of getting up to check on it when Ellen asked a strange question.

How could someone as intelligent as Ellen not know what to put on a CV under qualifications? Thinking she was still in shock he answered her honestly, amazed to hear that in fact she’d hadn’t gained anything formal from school at all. It clearly wasn’t lack of ability because if there was something he admired greatly in Ellen it was her intelligent brain and quick thinking. A little prompting later and, of course, she readily reeled off numerous highly relevant and up to date courses she’d completed via her employer, which he knew were highly regarded nationally. Leaving her to it he stood up and went over to the oven to get his dinner, dishing it up onto a fresh plate and gathering himself some cutlery and a can of cold Fanta from the fridge. He was just walking back to the dining table when he heard Ellen’s phone ring.

Letting Ellen deal with the call he began eating his tea and sipping at his can when Ellen interrupted him asking randomly about the new hearing system in the flats in Dundee. Having read through an attachment emailed to him that afternoon from the contractors, that he was planning to forward onto a translator the next day, he was able to quickly recall the instructions and answer Ellen’s query. Seeing Ellen smile for the first time since she’d arrived at his house that evening Daniel’s heart felt lighter even though it was obvious that Ellen still seriously doubted her own ability and skills.

Reassuring her again that had she been included on the email from Claypots she too would have known how to help whoever it was who had called her so late, Daniel found himself ranting at how awful it was that Ellen was still being left to help the refugees out even after they’d moved to Dundee. While obviously that was both a testimony to the relationship Ellen had with the refugees it was also a sad indictment of Dundee city council and their complete incompetence too. With his mini rant over he resumed eating his dinner as Ellen’s head sunk as she quietly suggested she’d be as well moving in with one of the refugees since she was homeless yet again.

Trying desperately to let her see that things may not be as bad as she assumed he looked right at her smiling.

“Things might not actually be that bad. We don’t know yet. We could always check on your flat tomorrow in daylight. If the fire brigade got there quick enough it might only be smoke damage and even at that your house insurance will cover you surely?”

That was when Ellen hit him with the bombshell that she hadn’t taken contents insurance out, rather foolishly he thought, as it had been too expensive. Thinking how she must already be regretting that decision, and not wanting to make her feel any worse, Daniel resumed eating while he thought of what to say. Whilst it seemed utterly foolhardy to him to not have something as crucial as insurance, he could at least appreciate that he’d never been in a financial position to find such things as luxurious rather than essential. Rationalising his emotions as he thought back to how little Ellen seemed to even have in her flat he nodded as he finished his meal hoping it came across to Ellen as understanding and not judgemental.

“I’d only just done a full week’s grocery shop too. I’d been waiting for my wage to clear and now that was a waste too. I was just coming up to my six months there soon too. I know it didn’t seem like much to your standards Daniel but every little thing in that flat meant something to me. Margot bought me my first bedding set, Celine gave me all my cutlery and my kettle, I’d saved up for weeks to get the TV on marketplace on Facebook and I’d picked up other bits and pieces from charity shops and places like B and M bargains. Margot had put aside the bed and couch from the charity shop and got some of the lads to delivery them for me. It was a struggle but I was very slowly making it home.”

Placing his cutlery on his finished plate Daniel chugged down the remains of his can then reached his hand over to touch Ellen’s.

“I know. All we can do is see what it’s like tomorrow. For now all we can do is stay positive I suppose. Would you like any more help with your CV? Have you thought about who you’d like to put as references?”

“I’ve not got that far yet. I suppose Margot would be best?”

“For personal or professional?”

“Oh. I don’t really know. Can’t she be both?”

“Not really. I’d offer but since we’re emm….”

“Counting the cabins on the ship that we’ve fucked in?”

“Oh it’s great to hear the old Ellen back again! And yes since we’re doing that it’s definitely better you don’t put me down. I dread to imagine what Keith would do if he got wind of the fact we were…you know…if he called on me for a reference for you! Plus I’m not really sure they’re looking for alluring tits, sexy hips and delicious vagina in a reference do you?”

“If it gets me the job and somewhere to live then carry on!”

Loving how the conversation had changed for the better Daniel slid out his seat and stood behind Ellen leaning down to kiss her neck as he looked at the screen in front of him.

“Right. Can you box up that qualification bit like this…”

Leaning with his hand over Ellen’s to guide her in what he wanted her to do he thrived on being so physically close to her as he felt her breath on his shoulder causing his dick to twitch in his trousers.

“So that looks better. Now highlight your name and personal details like this.”

“Should I keep that as my address?”

“Of course. For now anyway. You can always set up a redirection of your mail if necessary but for now we’ll keep it at 11 Crossloan Terrace. So this bit is where you put your experience. Start with your current job obviously then work back.”

“I don’t have much to put though.”

“Put down your voluntary work at the charity shop too. That counts a lot to be honest. List all the things you do there to fill it out. You don’t need much though. Just a sort of overview.”

Continuing to guide Ellen in what to write Daniel found himself fidgeting slightly behind Ellen as he felt her breathing increasing and her body moving more. He really could do with a quick trip to the downstairs loo but he didn’t want to leave Ellen right when they were busy.

“We can leave this for now if you’ve had enough?”

“I’d rather get it finished if that ok? Sorry I’m a bit restless.”

“We’re nearly done. It’s just the references after this.”

Distracting his mind from his need to pee Daniel ran his free hand through Ellen’s hair hooking it behind her ear as he leaned down to kiss her cheek. Feeling Ellen wiggling on the chair he wondered if she was getting a little turned on by how close their bodies now were too. Feeling her hand getting sweatier under his on the touchpad and keyboard he sectioned off the experience part of the document and began setting the box up for references when Ellen body tensed and she jerked slightly.

“You ok?”

“Yip. Sorry this is the last bit isn’t it?”

“Yip. So before we put anyone down you should really check with them first. Is there someone at Shelter that could give you a good work reference?”

“I’m not sure. I used to help in the main office every Friday covering the phones but I emailed last week and asked if I could be excused with the deadline on the project getting so close and they agreed. I haven’t worked with anyone from the charity now in weeks really as I was the only one allocated to the cruise ship. Would Aran or Celine be ok to use?”

“I don’t see why not since they have both worked closely with you for a year now. You could ask one of them tomorrow morning. I’m sure either of them would be honoured to be asked. Then for the other you can put that Margot lady from the charity shop. You need their home or work address that they can be contacted on and a number and email. I usually list them side by side to make it look clearer. You sure you’re ok honey? You can’t seem to get comfortable?”

“Sorry. Can we save this now and finish it tomorrow? I’m struggling to concentrate now.”

“Of course. Actually I’m kind of glad you suggested that.”

Clicking on save Daniel turned his head to look at Ellen and smile embarrassingly.

“I’m desperate to go to the bathroom! You ok to close this down?”

*334*2024-01-17 00:31

Admitting they need to go…

Thinking of all she might possibly have lost back in her flat the reality of the situation hit Ellen hard. On the surface she may not have much but what she did have held huge sentimental value and meant everything to her. Assuming Daniel would never understand she nonetheless felt so heavy hearted that she shared openly about just a few things she really treasured that she might now never see again. Half expecting Daniel to shrug off such emotional connections to things she was touched when he reached over the table to hold her hand. He was right. She should stay positive. It may not actually be as bad as she feared.

Pushing herself to cheer up a bit Ellen felt happier when Daniel changed the subject back to her CV. Now looking back at the screen Ellen felt ashamed of what she was working on, not just because of her lack of school qualifications or work experience but as much about the amateur way it looked on screen. Wanting to explain this to Daniel as he asked about references she simply replied with the only names that came to her mind. Until a few weeks ago she’d have asked Daniel first, though she now wondered how professional that might be as he lightheartedly jested about what he might say about her.

How easily and effortlessly he complimented her, something which always gave her goose bumps, as they laughed together at how they’d been playfully counting how many cabins on the cruise ship they’d had sex in now. It felt so good to laugh again with Daniel, to relax in his presence just like before. The only issue was that laughing always weakened Ellen’s pelvic floor muscles reminding her quite drastically that she really needed a wee. Trying to stop laughing enough to break the conversation and ask to use Daniel’s loo, Ellen watched wide eyed as Daniel rose from his seat and moved to behind her wrapping his arms around her shoulders and kissing her neck. God it felt amazing and send urges right through her body despite intense pressure instantly making her squeeze her muscles tightly as she wanted to wait to use the toilet just a little longer.

With Daniel’s hand now over hers on the touchpad and keys Ellen watched in amazement as Daniel sectioned areas off, changed fonts and text sizes and suddenly made her very basic child-like CV come alive. Talking her though it bit by bit she was amazed at his patience and attention to detail, but even more so she loved the warm and happy feeling that his physical touch both on her hand and arm but also her shoulders and neck gave her. Almost cheek to cheek leaning over her laptop she tried her best to not fidget or squirm despite her bladder now reminding her over and over again that it was full and needing relief. Distracted by something Daniel was now doing on the computer the pressure increased so much between Ellen’s legs that she wriggled around desperately longing for Daniel to finish the CV quickly so she could excuse herself to wee.

Awkwardly Daniel stopped what he was doing though and turned to look at her blushing face. Asking outright if she wanted to stop Ellen was way too embarrassed to say yes as she squeezed her muscles hard and proudly told her boyfriend to carry on. Immediately regretting that decision though as Daniel held her hand onto the keys as he did something else on the screen, Ellen’s bladder screamed another strong urgent message to her body to go, forcing Ellen to have to jerk forward on the seat and grit her teeth as she fought to prevent her urethra from bursting out warm steaming urine everywhere.

Once again Daniel paused and checked if she was ok, but once again Ellen denied anything was wrong as she foolishly didn’t want to disturb Daniel when he was helping her so much. Try as she could though the relentless tingling and pressure was only intensifying by the second as she wriggled and jiggled silently on the dining chair as Daniel talked on and on about references. What was stopping her just asking to go for a wee? She knew that if she didn’t say something very soon she’d burst any minute as she finally found the courage to apologise to Daniel for her restlessness saying she couldn’t concentrate any longer, which was 100% true since all her attention was now focussed exclusively on keeping her knickers dry.

Incredibly Daniel actually seemed pleased about this as he started to save what they were working on as Ellen felt his body bouncing around a fair amount behind her. Now turning to face her Ellen sensed a tenseness on her boyfriend’s face as he quietly, shyly, nervously, shared that he desperate to pee! Wide eyed at this revelation Ellen pulled the lid of her laptop down then turned to grab onto Daniel arm just as he was about to walk away. Willing her mouth to speak up about her own urgent need Ellen swallowed the lump in her throat and instead blurted out something unrelated, yet something she did actually feel.

“Please don’t leave me alone Daniel. I’m still jittery from earlier.”

“I’ll be right back honey. I promise. I’ll only be a couple of minutes. I really need to go pee though.”

Still holding Daniel’s arm Ellen turned her face away from him as she wedged her free hand between her broad legs and squeezed her legs together hard.

“So do I. Ever since I got here. I think…I think I’m going to have an accident!”

Letting Daniel’s arm go so she could press her other hand onto her crotch too Ellen rocked against her wrists as she whimpered and moaned.

“I should have said…I should have said.”

“Don’t cry baby. I should have said earlier too. I was enjoying cuddling and helping you too much. Come on. I can’t hold this much longer either. Let’s go pee honey.”

Feeling Daniel’s arm on hers tugging at her to come Ellen looked back at Daniel focussing on his crotch that he was gripping tightly with his right hand. He looked so sexy, so handsome, so attractive, stood bent slightly gripping his dick for dear life all hot and needy.

“Come on Ellen! I swear I’m gonna piss myself in a second. Dear God I’m barely holding on! Shit! I’m leaking! Look I can’t wait for you! If you want to sit there and wet yourself that’s up to you but I’m off to my downstairs loo!”

Maybe it was Daniel’s words, or his desperate actions, or even the way he was dancing and getting more and more agitated and stressed, but suddenly Ellen felt so aroused she could hardly bear it as the gripping and rocking that was there to prevent herself from weeing everywhere now served to make her hornier and more turned on than anything. Pushing against her hands and wrists even harder and rocking faster on Daniel’s leather dining chair Ellen was unsure whether she’d orgasm soon or burst with pints of pee first. Panting and gasping at the exertion Ellen looked straight ahead picturing Daniel squirming and talking about how badly he had to pee assuming he’d now left the room to run to the bathroom.

He obviously hadn’t though as she heard his voice penetrating her pleasuring sounding husky, shaky and so incredibly sexy.

“Are you…oh…wow…that’s hot..but I’m leaking..oh God does that help you hold? Fuck I’m so bursting…I should go…are you really gonna cum baby?….are your pants wet?”

“Mmmmm. I gotta pee so so bad…oh I think it’s coming! I’m desperate…I’m dribbling…”

“Oh Ellen…oh Ellen…you’re too much for me…you’re so hot…”

Masturbating herself even as she could feel her urine leaking steadily out dribbling past her hands and through her leggings and starting to pool on the seat of the chair Ellen felt Daniel’s breath on her cheek as he stepped closer to her and whispered as she orgasmed even as her bladder burst fully to Daniel’s voice.

“I’ve standing her pissing myself watching you! I couldn’t take my eyes off such a beautiful sexy woman. You turn me on so much Ellen Hemmingdale I want to fuck you right now whilst you’re sitting in your own puddle of pee!”

*336*2024-01-19 00:35

Sex in a puddle of pee

Turning to walk quickly to his downstairs toilet Daniel felt a tug on his arm. Looking round he saw Ellen gripping at him as their eyes met as he watched her mouth move but no words immediately coming out. Grabbing at his crotch in urgent need of a piss every second seemed like hours as he tried pulling against Ellen’s hand to get away annoyed that she was holding him back.

About to say something he finally heard her voice begging him to stay with her because she was anxious about being left alone after all that they’d been through that evening. As sympathetic as he was to Ellen’s anxiety Daniel tried to reason with her that he’d really only be a few minutes and that it was urgent that he get to the toilet. Expecting her to now free him of her grip Daniel stared at her as she did something that took his breath away. Raising his eyebrows all his attention was now on Ellen as she thrust a hand between her legs and squeezed her thighs together tightly. Why hadn’t she said she needed to go too? Amazed at everything she was doing he stood frozen to the floor as she let go of his arm and pushed a second hand between her legs and whimpered like a little child.

“I think…I think I’m going to have an accident..”

Jeez that woman knew how to take him from 0 to 100 in an instant! Feeling his penis already twitching under the tight grip of his hand he couldn’t take his eyes off Ellen even as his need to urinate almost made him explode. Curious why Ellen hadn’t said earlier, with his heart pounding and his bladder aching, Daniel pleaded with her to come to the bathroom with him since it was now obvious that both of them were right on the cusp of bursting. Squeezing, twisting and manipulating his own penis desperately through his trousers he assumed Ellen would stand up and come with him but instead she squirmed with both hands between her legs and began crying.

Despite his own pain and suffering he just couldn’t leave his darling Ellen in such anguish as he tried consoling her with his words since his hands were otherwise occupied and not available. With both his hands now cupping his crotch and his body bend forward in agony he gasped, removed one hand to pull at Ellen to come, then suddenly let her go again as he felt urine pushing against his urethra tip threatening to burst out. Gritting his teeth in tension he jigged and squirmed around raising his voice slightly in stress as he beseeched Ellen to come before he pissed himself. Feeling dribbles seeping through his death grip into his underwear he was about to turn and run when Ellen’s voice and actions drew him and commanded his attention like an invisible rope being pulled tight.

Focussing solely on Ellen he held onto his half erect dick through his clothing frantically as he watched the beautiful large curvy lady rock and tense and rub herself faster and faster as she whimpered about how desperate she was. The image was beautiful, the actions mesmerising, her words arousing beyond belief as his pupils enlarged and his face blushed as he gazed in amazement and shock as it appeared that Ellen was pleasuring herself even as she endeavoured to hold her very full bladder at bay. It had to be one of the sexiest things he’d ever seen in his life as her face tensed, her legs went rigid and her hair dripped with sweat as she rocked faster and faster rubbing against the seat of the chair.

“Are you…oh…wow…that’s hot..but I’m leaking..oh God does that help you hold? Fuck I’m so bursting…I should go…are you really gonna cum baby?….are your pants wet?”

“Mmmmm. I gotta pee so so bad…oh I think it’s coming! I’m desperate…I’m dribbling…”

“Oh Ellen…oh Ellen…you’re too much for me…you’re so hot…”

Sensing a compulsion to touch Ellen, to see her even closer, to not miss a second of the action, Daniel stepped closer as the very movement of his own body made his overstretched bladder spasm and a warmth grow under his hand. There was no chance he would ever make it to the bathroom on time now as it appeared Ellen felt exactly the same way too as his eyes were drawn to shining droplets of warm liquid on Ellen’s leggings on the edge of where her hands were still wedged between her legs. Eyes staring and mouth open Daniel focused his sight directly onto Ellen’s crotch even as his own body screamed at him to release his own bladder. Hearing a sudden whoosh accompanied by a yelp from Ellen and a jerk of her hips he felt his entire body burning up like a volcano as Ellen continued to masturbate herself right in front of him even as her body released hours of pent up pee down her legs, all over the dining chair and pouring onto the kitchen floor.

So caught up in what Ellen was doing Daniel’s concentration lapsed for a matter of seconds, which was all it took for one leak to stretch to another before a huge burst of hot urine shot out past his fingers cascading down his trousers at speed and joining the puddle already on the floor by his feet.

“Oh Ellen! I’m standing here pissing myself watching you! I couldn’t take my eyes off such a beautiful sexy woman. You turn me on so much. I want to fuck you right now whilst you’re sitting in your own puddle of pee!”

“I’m not stopping you.”

Four words. That was all Daniel heard as his dick swelled hungrily and his testicles ached to be emptied. Unzipping his fly to pull out his wet dripping erect penis he caught sight of Ellen’s sweaty face grinning at him happily as he bent forwards to pull at the waistband of her leggings. Hearing her giggle as she stood up to allow him to pull her soaked leggings off she sat back down wide legged as Daniel took the liberty of fondling her sopping wet knickers against her adorable vagina as he felt the warmth and openness of her body clearly through the thin material.

“Did you really have to go bad baby?”

“Mmmm I really did honey. I tried so badly to hold it for so long. The whole time you were cooking your tea I was bursting. I squeezed hard and held it in like a good girl though. I was incredibly desperate the entire time you were helping me with my CV. I could barely take it and I couldn’t stop wriggling and squirming. Are you mad at me for having an accident?”

“Oh baby absolutely not. Far from it. Far from it indeed. Besides I can’t really say anything when I didn’t make it either can I? It feels so nice to let it go doesn’t it?”

“Mmmm. Yes. Yes it does. It feels so tingly and lovely doesn’t it?”

“Oh yes. Does this feel tingly and lovely too?”

“Mmmm. Very. What about you if I do this?”

Daniel gasped in absolute ecstasy as Ellen bent her head down towards his crotch and sucked and licked his raging hard-on in her mouth as he shuddered in sexual delight. Feeling nearer and nearer to climax he was hesitant to erupt inside Ellen’s mouth without checking she was ok with it when she pulled her mouth away and smiled up at him sweetly and innocently.

“Fuck Ellen that’s more than bloody tingly that’s shooting me into another bloody planet! Now if I don’t fuck you NOW I’m gonna go insane! Come here my darling. Let me show you how much I adore you and want you!”

Pulling Ellen with both hands off the chair Daniel kicked the seat away as he laid Ellen down in the large puddle of pee on the floor created by them both as he pulled her pants off hastily and knelt on top of her sliding his shaking hard penis inside in one smooth movement. Two short sharp thrusts later and he was more than satisfied as he felt the full force of his ejaculation explode inside the large lady beneath him. Sliding out he pulled Ellen up and drew her close to him as he kissed her deeply and lovingly. Still holding her in his arms he looked down at her sweaty adorable face and smiled.

“Good job I’ve got a washing machine eh. How about we clear up and get a cuppa? You feel better now?”

“Much better thank you.”

*337*2024-01-20 00:27

Ellen feels sexy and special

It made not a jot of difference to Ellen that’s she’d just orgasmed, in fact if anything it only served to make her want Daniel even more. So when he said the magical words that he’d just wet himself watching her masturbate herself while her bladder burst simultaneously and then added on that he really wanted to fuck her whilst she lay in a puddle of their pee, Ellen was thrilled. Not one to hold back when she was passionate about something she got to the point quickly letting Daniel know in no uncertain terms that she was ready and willing.

Watching as her boyfriend unzipped and pulled out his long erect penis Ellen’s entire face lit up. She’d loved the long thick chocolate coloured dick of Daniel’s since she’s first seen it but now it glistened with droplets of urine it appealed even more. High from sexual desire and longing she couldn’t help but giggle like a school girl as Daniel struggled to pull her wet warm legging down her thick legs then preceded to fondle her most private of areas through her soaking wet pants. Hearing the slopping of her own copious juices she felt the throbbing in her vagina intensify again quickly as she longed for Daniel’s body to get into hers so desperately.

Embracing and engaging fully in all that Daniel was doing, loving the way he explored every area of her very open and squelching vaginal lips and rubbed at her tender clitoris through the warm wet fabric of her panties, Ellen did her best to answer Daniel’s question about how badly she’s needed to pee. Sharing with him even as she struggled to contain the urge to grab him and fuck him Ellen explained how she’d been holding her pee for so long even while Daniel cooked a meal, ate it and helped her write her CV, seeing how this news lit up Daniel’s eyes until they glistened and sparkled with excitement and lust. Already guessing the answer given how excited and wanting her boyfriend was Ellen couldn’t resist asking how he felt about the fact she’d wet herself. Unsurprisingly he wasn’t in the least disappointed or disgusted by her, quite the opposite in fact going by how hard his penis now was and how fast he was now stroking her between her legs!

As the conversation seamlessly moved onto how wonderful and lovely it felt to actually let go and get relief after holding so long Ellen was getting increasingly inpatient for more so she leant down and took the long brown cock of Daniel’s and slid it into her mouth. Instantly feeling that this pleased Daniel immensely she licked and sucked until she felt she needed more oxygen letting her mouth slide out again as she looked up at Daniel smiling expectantly.

He definitely seemed to get the message after that as he pulled her large body off the dining chair and lowered her gently onto the floor. Feeling the wetness on the floor immediately soaking through her clothing onto her back, hair and bottom Ellen wiggled her body in it splashing in the puddle as Daniel climbed on top of her and slid his beautiful manhood into her ready vagina as she gripped him and rocked him quickly. Heady with excitement and adrenaline, and wide open and longing, she enveloped Daniel’s dick into her body and lured it in deeper and deeper as he in turn thrust quickly and exploded urgently inside her.

Not even remotely disappointed at the speed at which her boyfriend performed things Ellen felt Daniel pulling her up as he rewarded her by smothering her in kisses that said much more than words ever could. He hadn’t just wanted her to get his wicked way but now he was treating her as someone special, someone precious to him, and for Ellen this meant everything. Wishing they could sit on the wet kitchen floor for longer Ellen couldn’t help but smile as Daniel joked about having a washing machine. It was obvious he wasn’t having sone cheap dig at the fact hers was broken but more being practical about the facts, which she couldn’t deny right in front of her: their clothing was soaked completely both from their own accidents but now also sitting in each others too.

Allowing Daniel to pull her up to standing she made no objections whatsoever as Daniel went on to lift her arms up and strip the remainder of her clothing off until she was standing right in front of his eyes totally naked and exposed. Feeling suddenly sexier than she’d ever felt before she twirled around showing off her bountiful breasts and sizeable bottom as Daniel climbed out of his own clothing and gathered everything up to wash.

“How about I mop up and tidy up while you have shower? I’ll come up and join you shortly. That shower gel you like is still in the en-suite.”

Blowing Daniel a provocative but grateful kiss Ellen walked through to the lounge naked and up the stairs to Daniel’s large bedroom. Checking there was a towel in the en-suite she ran the shower until it was hot then stepped into the cubicle feeling wonderful and refreshed at the water hitting her body. Finding her favourite shower gel exactly where Daniel said it would be she thoroughly washed her body and hair before turning the water off and stepping out onto the mat to dry herself. Remembering from before where Daniel’s hair dryer was she helped herself to it and sat naked on the bed drying her thick wavy hair when she saw Daniel walking in naked and smiling at her. By the time he’d had his own shower and washed his hair she had finally dried hers as she sat brushing it as she watched Daniel heading back downstairs again.

Curious where he might be going she paused her brushing to listen then carried on brushing until he finally returned.

“I thought you’d like a cuppa before bed. I was going to put your laptop and phone on charge but I wasn’t sure where your chargers were? I probably have some spares somewhere if they are back at your flat?”

“They might be in my handbag. At least I hope they are.”

“Are you ok for me to get them?”

Nodding Ellen couldn’t resist reaching for the appealing mug of tea and taking a sip. If there was one thing about Daniel that she really really liked it was his ability to make the most delicious tea ever. Cupping her hands around the mug she looked around the room feeling such a gratitude and thankfulness for Daniel and all that he’d done. Thinking of her flat she couldn’t ever imagine making it half as nice as Daniel’s house as she closed her eyes and thought of the lovely new flats in Tulloch Court in Dundee, especially so the caretaker’s one with its new fitted kitchen and welcome lounge. Trying to imagine herself living there her day dream was interrupted by Daniel’s return.

“That’s downstairs all clean and tidy, the washer on with all our clothes in and everything on charge. So how’s the tea?”

“Absolutely delicious thanks.”

“I’m so pleased. Now slide under that duvet and get comfortable. Alexa dim the lights in here please.”

*338*2024-01-22 00:55

Talking before bed

Pulling Ellen up from his wet kitchen floor Daniel held her arms up as he pulled her top over her head and placed it on the dining table by her laptop. Moving onto her bra and pants her gleefully slid them both off too, eyeing up the beautiful big woman in front of him with her gorgeous curvaceous naked body. Smiling contentedly as she shook her large breast provocatively and wiggled her bountiful bottom in his face as he stepped out of his own wet clothing he couldn’t help but feel pleased at how confident and happy Ellen seemed.

Suggesting he tidy everything up and clean up while Ellen had a shower he felt thrilled and flattered by Ellen blowing him a kiss as she headed upstairs leaving him to fill the washer dryer and mop the floor. Adding washing capsules and turning the washer on he then found a mop and bucket and set about cleaning the kitchen, still totally naked. It didn’t take long to get everything clean and tidy again as Daniel then preceded to carry out his usual nightly routines making sure every surface was wiped clean and all the dishes were washed. Turning the lights off, he headed upstairs hearing Ellen drying her hair as he smiled to himself happily. Grinning at Ellen sitting naked on the side of his bed drying and brushing her hair he resisted the urge to kiss her, instead heading for the en-suite to shower and clean himself up.

Standing under the warm comfortable water Daniel suddenly realised he’d forgotten to put his phone and laptop on charge as he made a mental note to himself to go back downstairs again before bed. Rubbing himself dry with a fresh towel he decided to leave putting on clean underwear until he’d popped back down to charge things incase he got distracted and forgot. Stepping out the en-suite to see Ellen looking relaxed and comfortable naked on the bed still brushing her hair Daniel felt excited that she was staying the night again. Anxious not to forget his phone and laptop though he rushed straight out the room and downstairs, seeing Ellen’s laptop still on the dining table where she left it and immediately thinking it ought to be put on charge too. Pausing to make a cuppa for himself and Ellen he headed back upstairs with the warm drinks and to ask Ellen about her chargers.

Expecting Ellen to now be in his bed Daniel was a little surprised to see her still brushing her hair as he handed her the drinks and asked if she had her chargers with her. Offering to go back down and look in her bag he left her again thinking of where he might have spare chargers just incase. Luckily that wasn’t necessary as he found both the phone and laptop chargers in her bag exactly where she’d said they would be and put both appliances on to charge. Returning quickly upstairs he felt such a surge of warmth and satisfaction seeing Ellen sipping at her tea. Telling her to slide under the duvet to keep warm he walked around and climbed into the other side taking his coffee with him. He never slept naked normally but knowing Ellen was naked beside him it seemed fitting to not bother with underwear for once as he pulled the duvet lightly over his legs and leant back on the headboard just as his girlfriend was doing right beside him.

“I don’t expect to stay here every night you know. I’m hoping I can get back to mine tomorrow, but if not I’ll reassess things then. I’m really grateful for everything you’ve done for me.”

“I was thinking we could swing by your flat in the morning on the way to the port and see what it’s like, but please don’t go phoning the council declaring yourself homeless. We both know how that will go. There just isn’t any free housing stock at all right now. If there was we wouldn’t be sending the refugees all the way to Dundee would we? As a single woman they’ll palm you off to one of the homeless hotels and there’s no way ever I’ll let you go into any of those. Whatever happens you can stay here as long as you like Ellen. Please. I care about you for too much to have you go anywhere else. Besides ‘m rather enjoying your company to tell you the truth.”

“Did we ever finish my CV?”

“Almost. I got a little too distracted in the end. A combination of a very fidgety gorgeous girl and an equally very full bladder of my own seemed to make me lose my concentration somewhat. Not that I’m complaining you understand.”

“I can’t exactly comment there. My thoughts towards the end were definitely not on any referees or work experience that’s for sure. I’m sure I can get it finished tomorrow though. I still can’t quite believe I have an interview for the caretakers job. Talk about getting ideas above my station!”

Drinking his coffee as they chatted Daniel looked across at Ellen curiously.

“Don’t put yourself down sweetheart. You’d be absolutely amazing at that job and you know it! Though I wish it wasn’t quite as far away.”

“Ha! When I said that the day we traveled to Dundee you were adamant Dundee wasn’t that far away. Now look who’s changed their mind!”

Daniel could tell from the sexy smirk on Ellen’s face and the twinkle in her eye that there was a huge element of teasing, though she did, of course, have a valid point. Not wanting to lose the argument though he winked back at Ellen and smiled.

“Yea but it’s different when you really adore someone and long to be with them. If you get the job and move to Dundee you’ll take a piece of my heart with you.”

“Awww listen to you going all mushy on me. No need to jump the gun. I haven’t even had the interview yet. But that’s another issue now too. I was actually thinking of doing it at my flat so I might feel more comfortable. I’m not sure that’s an option now.”

“You’re welcome to do it here. That’s if you want to? I know we thought about the ship but it’s so hectic on there right now that even with a room booked you couldn’t guarantee you’d be undisturbed. You’re pretty much guaranteed silence here if you want it.”

Placing her empty mug on the bedside table Daniel”@ eyes were focussed on his girlfriend as he waited for her reply.

“That might work I suppose…but only if you finally show me where that downstairs loo of yours is. I tend to drink more when I’m nervous and I definitely don’t want a repeat of tonight during an interview on zoom. I’ve wet myself way too often lately and it really needs to stop. It’s getting to be quite a habit unfortunately.”

Placing his own empty mug down Daniel leaned over the kiss Ellen on the cheek.

“I’ll show you it in the morning shall I? And since you like my tea so much I can make plenty of that for your interview too. Staying hydrated really helps your brain stay focused. Right I guess we’d better get some sleep. Night my beautiful. Sleep well.”

Lying down Daniel could already feel himself getting hard just thinking of Ellen bursting during an online interview. The thought of her trying to hide her squirming and fidgeting whilst acting professional about the table made him so incredibly horny. Reaching down to fondle himself he dosed off to thoughts of Ellen crossed legged and bursting during a long full on interview with no break forthcoming.

*339*2024-01-23 01:01

Sleeping and waking at Daniel’s

Doing exactly as Daniel asked Ellen put the hairbrush down, held onto her mug of tea and slid under the duvet. Watching Daniel get in naked the other side she felt bad for once again imposing on him. She was used to sleeping at other’s houses on their sofa or spare room but sleeping in Daniel’s bed beside him felt somehow much more imposing. With her head bowed she quietly clarified her plans of hoping to return to her own flat, making sure to thank Daniel first his generosity, but also made it clear that sleeping in his bed wasn’t a permanent solution at present.

Listening to Daniel slipping into work mode automatically talking about what the council would do if she declared herself homeless was sobering. She’d come so far and the thought of going backwards broke her as she imagined herself once again in a tiny hotel room with no cooking facilities and so little privacy. Feeling awkward listening to Daniel then going on about how happy he’d be to have her basically move in Ellen felt compelled to change the subject. It wasn’t that she didn’t like Daniel, far from it, but she wasn’t ready for the commitment of living with someone yet when she’d barely adapted to even living herself yet.

“Did we ever finish my CV?”

That distracted Daniel, thought typically he even turned that around to her yet again, this time raising his eyebrows jesting about how he’d got distracted by her fidgeting. Agreeing with him, but glossing over that part quickly, Ellen turned things around again back to the caretaker job she really wanted but felt woefully under qualified for. Of course Daniel disagreed, flattering her once again, though finally at least he seemed to agree that Dundee wasn’t that close at all. 

Immediately jumping on that fact Ellen was quick to remind Daniel of his comments on the day they travelled to Tulloch Court to first see the flats. Now looking him in the eye and smiling satisfactorily Ellen was almost laughing at getting one up on her boyfriend when he once again effortlessly went all romantic and loving on her. How could he know what they had was the real thing? Looking into Daniel’s eyes she couldn’t help but feel a huge liking for him, a lust even too, but could it ever be more than that? Fearful of how that might look and scared of committing for fear of losing everything, Ellen looked away, gulped at her tea, then easily moved things back to her comfort zone; her up and coming interview.

Gazing at what little tea she had left in the bottom of her mug now Ellen half listened to Daniel suggesting she had the interview at his house as she drained her mug of tea and wished she had more still. Mulling over the positives of being undisturbed, and having quietness and privacy, against the challenges of having to book a room, risk being disturbed and weaker public WiFi, Ellen was warming to the idea of having her online interview at Daniel’s when he clinched the deal by saying he’d make her tea too. It really was sweet of him to offer and the background of such a neat tidy house would certainly be way more professional than an empty windowless room on the boat. Tentatively nodding she smiled nervously as Daniel kissed her on the cheek and hinted at them getting sleep.

Lying down Ellen rehearsed in her mind silently scripts for her interview until her mind slowly cut off and her body drifted into a soft and steady sleep. Exhausted from a long day of stress she never even stirred once until Daniel gently stroked her face to wake her, showing her a fresh mug of tea and some warm buttered toast. Sitting up she sipped at the hot tea instantly and smiled at Daniel whose eyes had drifted down quickly to her exposed large breasts peaking out from under the duvet.

“I’ll leave you to enjoy that while I have a quick shower. I was thinking if we head out around 8 when it’s just getting light we could detour to yours and see how things are this morning in daylight. Do you like the news at all? I usually turn it on first thing?”

Still half asleep Ellen nodded as she bit into the delicious warm toast as Daniel asked Alexa to tell him the morning news. Watching Daniel heading naked into the en-suite Ellen continued eating her breakfast as she listened half asleep to the news being spoken from the speaker. It seemed the usual mix of political drama and current affairs at first until a more local story got her attention.

“And finally police in Glasgow are appealing for information on a house fire in the Govan area of the city that occurred yesterday evening. Three people have been admitted to hospital locally, including two young children, and numerous properties in the town’s Crossloan Terrace have been severely damaged. Police and firefighters remain at the scene this morning with police asking anyone who saw anything suspicious to call them on 111. And now today’s weather with Suzanne. Over to you Suzanne. Should we be picking up those umbrellas again on our way out or are things finally improving?”

Feeling anxious and upset Ellen hugged her mug tightly listening to the noise of the shower as she debated with herself about calling the police. Doing her best to recall the times and the scanty description of the tall darkly dressed man she’d seen hanging around the neighbours flat she then pictured the youngest of her neighbour’s children sitting on the dirty close stairwell playing. The thought of him now being in hospital broke her heart as she finished her tea and toast and longed to know more about the story.

Slipping out of bed naked she rushed downstairs looking for her phone as she unplugged it and immediately searched for any more on the flat fire story. Standing in Daniel’s living room totally naked she was engrossed in scrolling news page after news page, moving from foot to foot as her morning pee fought for her attention valiantly as Ellen anxiously needed to see photos, get information and know more about both the family she lived beside and potentially the state of her own flat too. Still reading and scrolling when Daniel came down the stairs Ellen looked up to explain what she’d heard and read as she danced and squirmed around barely giving her bladder a second to get her attention.

“I guess we’ll see for ourselves soon enough. That poor family though. I hadn’t realised they were in, had you?”

“No. I hadn’t heard any shouting or anything. I should really contact the police but I’d better get a shower first and get dressed.”

“Looks like you really ought to pee too. That’s quite a wee dance you’ve got going there.”

Suddenly aware of the intense burning in her heavy bladder Ellen grabbed between her legs and squirmed. Embarrassed she looked away as she put her phone down on the table and bent forward crossing her legs.

“I’ll be back down soon. Better hurry eh!”

*340*2024-01-24 00:43

Daniel struggles all morning

Waking up hard Daniel glanced at his clock then rolled over to gaze at Ellen sleeping in the soft light of the room. Thinking back to so many wonderful times over the last ten days with Ellen he fondled himself under the duvet desperate to fuck Ellen but just as keen to let her sleep on. Deciding he needed to distract himself he slid out of the bed and quietly went downstairs to get their clothing out the washing dryer and put the kettle on. Folding the clothes neatly on the dining table he heard the kettle boil and turned to make Ellen a tea, deciding he’d wake up himself quicker with some fresh orange juice instead. Opening the fridge for some milk and the juice he suddenly thought about breakfast so crossed over to the bread bin and popped some slices of bread into the toaster.

Waiting for the toaster to pop, with his erection now fully subsided and his body more awake, he had a sudden urgent need to pee as he crossed his legs tightly and gripped the kitchen counter. Staring intently at the toaster begging it to hurry up he fetched some butter and a knife and finished making Ellen’s tea, downing his own cold glass of juice in one go, before finally buttering the warm toast and slicing it in half before racing urgently to the downstairs bathroom, only just making it on time. Washing his hands he then returned to the kitchen and picked up Ellen’s tea and toast to take it upstairs to her.

Turning the bedroom light up slightly he placed the tea and toast on the bedside cabinet then stroked Ellen’s face gently to wake her. Smiling at her he longed to kiss her but resisted and instead pointed at the mug of tea as he watched his beautiful naked girlfriend sit up in bed revealing the most spectacular large breasts which made his heart race and his penis harden instantly. Struggling against his raging hormones again Daniel looked across the bed to his clock then looked back at Ellen.

“I’ll leave you to enjoy your breakfast while I have a quick shower. Maybe we could check on your flat before work if you’d like? Alexa put on radio Clyde please.”

Seeing Ellen nod as she sipped at her tea Daniel headed for the en-suite fighting against the urge to masturbate in the shower thinking of Ellen. Focussing on work he somehow managed to keep his sexual urges at bay while he washed and dried himself hearing the radio on in the room next door. Giving himself a much needed wet shave he finally stepped into the bedroom hearing a song on the radio but no sign of Ellen. Thinking she may have decided to shower in the main bathroom next door he put on his grey suit fresh from the cleaners and chose a shirt and tie to match. Heading back downstairs to get ready for work he pushed open the lounge door to see Ellen standing naked jiggling around unable to stand still with her phone in her hand. Massively attracted to her with his eyes wide and blood immediately rushing to his crotch he listened to Ellen talking about something she’d heard on the news as she read out something from her phone.

It wasn’t that he didn’t care about her neighbours, especially hearing of how young the children were, but seeing Ellen so obviously squirming around very clearly needing the bathroom very badly was so erotic and mesmerising that it took all of Daniel’s self control not to grab her and kiss her. His heart racing and his mouth bone dry he listened on as Ellen chatted and danced around not even acknowledging that she had to pee but instead chatting casually about contacting the police and going for a shower.

He couldn’t stop himself then as he gazed longingly at Ellen’s bountiful body, her breathtakingly beautiful breasts and her bouncing bare bottom. If she didn’t leave the room soon he wouldn’t be responsible for his actions as he smirked sexily at her and commented as nonchalantly as possible that she’d probably be best going to the toilet before she did anything else. Still not once actually agreeing that she was bursting he watched in delight as she put her phone down finally and immediately grabbed between her legs. Seeing her waddling out the room bent forward with her legs crossed he was sure she’d burst trying to get up his stairs as he held the lounge door open for her with his heart beating loudly.

Just as she was standing under his arm about to walk through he bend down and whispered in her ear.

“I think now might be a good time to show you my downstairs toilet.”

Watching Ellen’s face redden as she nodded silently Daniel handed her the door as he led the way in front of her opening a door onto a porch area with another door to the small downtown loo. Holding the door of the toilet open he almost laughed as Ellen ran towards the toilet so fast she almost bumped into it! Letting the door close over to give her some privacy he hadn’t any time to move before he heard a loud hiss from the bathroom making him almost fall over in excitement. Holding the wall to steady himself he could feel his dick throbbing in his trousers as Ellen sighed loudly and spoke to herself.

“That was a close one!”

Having to walk away to calm himself down Daniel walked briskly to the kitchen busying himself tidying up until he heard Ellen heading back upstairs. Making himself a coffee to calm his body down he sat at the dining table drinking it before noticing the bin bag of Ellen’s clothing. Giving Ellen time to shower he finished his coffee, aware that his hormones were now calmer again, then took up the bin bag and Ellen’s clean clothing from the washer dryer. Walking into his bedroom just as Ellen stepped out of the en-suite with just a towel wrapped around her he did his best to look away as he muttered about bringing up her clothing before picking up the empty mugs and plate and excusing himself once again.

Washing the dishes and getting organised to leave Daniel couldn’t stop thinking about Ellen. As a young man he’d always felt he had a healthy sex drive but presented with his girlfriend walking around his own home naked, sleeping in his bed beside him and even pee dancing in his living room utterly naked right in front of him he could barely cope with how horny he now was almost all the time. The thought of working all day close to Ellen was as much exciting and wonderful as it was tormenting and tantalising. He’d barely been up an hour and he’d desperately wanted to fuck Ellen more times than he could count.

That was ok in the privacy of his own home but the difficulty was coping with those urges and needs surrounded by colleagues and residents on the ship for a full day at work. He already knew it would take every amount of self control he possibly possessed. He had to be professional. He had to.

Daniel struggles all morning

Waking up hard Daniel glanced at his clock then rolled over to gaze at Ellen sleeping in the soft light of the room. Thinking back to so many wonderful times over the last ten days with Ellen he fondled himself under the duvet desperate to fuck Ellen but just as keen to let her sleep on. Deciding he needed to distract himself he slid out of the bed and quietly went downstairs to get their clothing out the washing dryer and put the kettle on. Folding the clothes neatly on the dining table he heard the kettle boil and turned to make Ellen a tea, deciding he’d wake up himself quicker with some fresh orange juice instead. Opening the fridge for some milk and the juice he suddenly thought about breakfast so crossed over to the bread bin and popped some slices of bread into the toaster.

Waiting for the toaster to pop, with his erection now fully subsided and his body more awake, he had a sudden urgent need to pee as he crossed his legs tightly and gripped the kitchen counter. Staring intently at the toaster begging it to hurry up he fetched some butter and a knife and finished making Ellen’s tea, downing his own cold glass of juice in one go, before finally buttering the warm toast and slicing it in half before racing urgently to the downstairs bathroom, only just making it on time. Washing his hands he then returned to the kitchen and picked up Ellen’s tea and toast to take it upstairs to her.

Turning the bedroom light up slightly he placed the tea and toast on the bedside cabinet then stroked Ellen’s face gently to wake her. Smiling at her he longed to kiss her but resisted and instead pointed at the mug of tea as he watched his beautiful naked girlfriend sit up in bed revealing the most spectacular large breasts which made his heart race and his penis harden instantly. Struggling against his raging hormones again Daniel looked across the bed to his clock then looked back at Ellen.

“I’ll leave you to enjoy your breakfast while I have a quick shower. Maybe we could check on your flat before work if you’d like? Alexa put on radio Clyde please.”

Seeing Ellen nod as she sipped at her tea Daniel headed for the en-suite fighting against the urge to masturbate in the shower thinking of Ellen. Focussing on work he somehow managed to keep his sexual urges at bay while he washed and dried himself hearing the radio on in the room next door. Giving himself a much needed wet shave he finally stepped into the bedroom hearing a song on the radio but no sign of Ellen. Thinking she may have decided to shower in the main bathroom next door he put on his grey suit fresh from the cleaners and chose a shirt and tie to match. Heading back downstairs to get ready for work he pushed open the lounge door to see Ellen standing naked jiggling around unable to stand still with her phone in her hand. Massively attracted to her with his eyes wide and blood immediately rushing to his crotch he listened to Ellen talking about something she’d heard on the news as she read out something from her phone.

It wasn’t that he didn’t care about her neighbours, especially hearing of how young the children were, but seeing Ellen so obviously squirming around very clearly needing the bathroom very badly was so erotic and mesmerising that it took all of Daniel’s self control not to grab her and kiss her. His heart racing and his mouth bone dry he listened on as Ellen chatted and danced around not even acknowledging that she had to pee but instead chatting casually about contacting the police and going for a shower.

He couldn’t stop himself then as he gazed longingly at Ellen’s bountiful body, her breathtakingly beautiful breasts and her bouncing bare bottom. If she didn’t leave the room soon he wouldn’t be responsible for his actions as he smirked sexily at her and commented as nonchalantly as possible that she’d probably be best going to the toilet before she did anything else. Still not once actually agreeing that she was bursting he watched in delight as she put her phone down finally and immediately grabbed between her legs. Seeing her waddling out the room bent forward with her legs crossed he was sure she’d burst trying to get up his stairs as he held the lounge door open for her with his heart beating loudly.

Just as she was standing under his arm about to walk through he bend down and whispered in her ear.

“I think now might be a good time to show you my downstairs toilet.”

Watching Ellen’s face redden as she nodded silently Daniel handed her the door as he led the way in front of her opening a door onto a porch area with another door to the small downtown loo. Holding the door of the toilet open he almost laughed as Ellen ran towards the toilet so fast she almost bumped into it! Letting the door close over to give her some privacy he hadn’t any time to move before he heard a loud hiss from the bathroom making him almost fall over in excitement. Holding the wall to steady himself he could feel his dick throbbing in his trousers as Ellen sighed loudly and spoke to herself.

“That was a close one!”

Having to walk away to calm himself down Daniel walked briskly to the kitchen busying himself tidying up until he heard Ellen heading back upstairs. Making himself a coffee to calm his body down he sat at the dining table drinking it before noticing the bin bag of Ellen’s clothing. Giving Ellen time to shower he finished his coffee, aware that his hormones were now calmer again, then took up the bin bag and Ellen’s clean clothing from the washer dryer. Walking into his bedroom just as Ellen stepped out of the en-suite with just a towel wrapped around her he did his best to look away as he muttered about bringing up her clothing before picking up the empty mugs and plate and excusing himself once again.

Washing the dishes and getting organised to leave Daniel couldn’t stop thinking about Ellen. As a young man he’d always felt he had a healthy sex drive but presented with his girlfriend walking around his own home naked, sleeping in his bed beside him and even pee dancing in his living room utterly naked right in front of him he could barely cope with how horny he now was almost all the time. The thought of working all day close to Ellen was as much exciting and wonderful as it was tormenting and tantalising. He’d barely been up an hour and he’d desperately wanted to fuck Ellen more times than he could count.

That was ok in the privacy of his own home but the difficulty was coping with those urges and needs surrounded by colleagues and residents on the ship for a full day at work. He already knew it would take every amount of self control he possibly possessed. He had to be professional. He had to.

Apologies that chapter posted twice! I’m not able to edit it unfortunately.

*341*2024-01-25 00:53

Ellen finally looks at Daniel’s gift

Thankful that Daniel was now holding the lounge door ope as she struggled holding between her legs and squirming Ellen paused to twist and buckle over to keep holding her bladder when Daniel leaned down to whisper in her ear.

“I think now might be a good time to show you my downstairs toilet.”

Unable to even speak she simply nodded as she followed Daniel just a few steps out the lounge and towards the front door that she’d never used. Seeing him open a door to a porch like area he pulled open another door to the side and held it open as she rushed inside. Her eyes bulging in delight at the sight of a toilet Ellen rushed towards it so quickly that she almost fell head first into it! Turning and splatting her bottom onto the seat she felt her muscles giving in before she’d even got comfortable as a loud gush echoed around the small room. Sighing in satisfaction at actually getting release at long last she spoke to herself in delight as urine gushed out steadily between her legs. It really had been a close call as she’d been so engrossed in reading about the fire that she had neglected to listen to her own body, something she was sadly guilty of doing a little too often.

Letting her bladder fully empty she cleaned herself up and washed her hands before noticing the time on a small wall clock by the door. Closing the door quietly she rushed upstairs to Daniel’s en-suite to have a quick shower and brush her teeth. Doing her best to avoid getting her hair wet so she didn’t need to spend ages drying it she reached for a towel to wrap her large body in then stepped into the double bedroom to look for some clothes to wear. Wishing she’d thought about that before having a shower she was delighted to see Daniel walk into the room holding the bin bag she’d filled with her dirty clothing two nights ago.

Opening the bag Ellen looked up to thank Daniel as she saw her clothes neatly folded looking spotless and smelling lovely but he was nowhere to be seen. Besides the bag was the things she’d worn the day before, again all washed and folded neatly, and beside that again were two things she didn’t recognise much at all. Picking them up to investigate she remembered vaguely seeing Daniel bringing them to her flat the evening before just before the fire. She’d been so dismissive, even bordering on rude, to him then as she now felt ashamed of herself for having been so ungrateful.

Looking at the brand new tight knit roll neck black jumper Ellen took a moment to lay it out in the bed as she shook her head thinking it was way too dark for her taste, so much so it reminded her of something someone might wear to a funeral. Turning to the second item she shook it out and looked at it in amazement. With its comfortable elasticated waistband and bright flowery pattern with black outline it was exactly the sort of long skirt she loved as she laid it flat on the bed with the jumper on top. While she’d probably never have chosen the jumper herself she had to admit that it contrasted beautifully against the bright skirt and looked incredibly smart and warm.

Feeling a bit emotional at the fact Daniel had chosen the items especially for her, got her size right without asking, and picked out items that would not only flatter her larger figure but were in keeping with her style too. It was such a huge contrast from the many clothing items she’d been made to accept gratefully in care from well meaning but ill informed foster carers who often expected a much thinner, more trendy, more fashion conscious girl that they got.

She could never forget the look on some of their faces as they opened their front door to see her standing beside yet another social worker in a pair of Primark leggings and a baggy jumper. She’d known that instant that most of them were shocked at her size and appearance and even more so when they straight away limited her food and enrolled her in exercise classes clearly implying that she must need more exercise and to eat better. They then added further to her misery by buying clothing that was so uncomfortable, way too tight and made her feel invisible and broken. It hadn’t been until she was 15 and struggling with erotic heavy periods that a foster carer had actually taken her to a GP and discovered her weight was more medical than life style. By then the damage was done though and even taking thyroid medication daily she’d only managed to ever lose a few pounds here and there.

Tempted to wear the new things and surprise Daniel she dug out a bra and a pair of knickers and put them both on before deciding that she’d rather keep the new items for her interview the next day. Slipping into her familiar leggings she rummaged carefully through the small pile of clothes in front of her before choosing a bright diamond print top and pulling it on. Folding everything carefully and putting it all back into the bin bag she slipped on a pair of socks and went back downstairs to get ready to leave.

Finding Daniel in the kitchen wiping surfaces with her laptop and phone nearly placed on the dining room table she walked over to him and put her arms around his waist. He turned immediately, dropping the cloth on the worktop then holding her tight in his arms.

“We should probably get going honey if you’re still wanting to go see how your flat is on the way. You smell incredible by the way.”

“It’s that coconut milk and jasmine petals shower gel. It’s lovely isn’t it? I just need to grab my coat and shoes and I’m ready. Thank you for letting me stay over.”

“It was my pleasure honey. Please stay as long as you want. No going to dingy homeless hotels ok?”

“Ok. So where do you put my shoes?”

“Just over there. I’ll just go pack my bag and I’ll be ready to go too. I’ll get you at your flat shortly.”

“Perfect. I’ll wait in my car until you get there. See you soon!”

*342*2024-01-26 01:06

Seeing Ellen’s flat in daylight

Wiping the kitchen work surface Daniel heard Ellen coming down the stairs as he gazed out the kitchen window at the morning’s sunrise. Suddenly feeling Ellen’s arms around his waist he immediately dropped the cloth and turned throwing his arms around Ellen in delight. She smelt so delicious, so soothing and feminine, that he desperately wanted to hug her for forever. However his eyes looked up at the kitchen clock as his heart sped up on seeing the time. If they were going to go to the port via Ellen’s flat, which was in the opposite direction, then they really needed to be leaving sharply.

Mentioning this to Ellen she pulled herself away to get her shoes and coat as he did the same. Within minutes they were both at the back door ready to leave with laptops packed and jackets on. The air had a late autumn chill about it as Daniel unlocked his garage door hearing Ellen getting into her own car and starting the engine. By the time he’d got his own car out and locked the garage again Ellen had left as he reversed down the side of his house and onto his street. The journey to Ellen’s street was straightforward until he approached the turning for Crossloan Terrace where suddenly the place was full of police. Searching for any sign of Ellen’s car he had to turn past her street and up into a nearby crescent before he could find anywhere to park. Locking his belongings out of sight he walked back towards her block of flats looking around for any sign of her.

Crossing the road and looking up he gasped at the blackened floor where he’d been just the night before. Windows clearly blown out and boarded up already, holes in the roof where flames had clearly shot through and debris on the ground, the smell of smoke was still pungent as Daniel approached the pathway that led to the entrance to the flats. Seeing police standing guard outside he looked anxiously for Ellen finally spotting her standing talking to another policeman nearby. Walking towards her he already knew the likelihood of Ellen ever getting back into her flat was pretty much nonexistent. Ellen must have seen him as she turned around looking tearful and tired.

“I’ve given my details to the constable here. He said someone will call me later this morning. Obviously I’m not going to get into the flat any time soon, if ever. I’ve just heard there were six fire engines here and the last one didn’t leave until just a few hours ago. I can’t believe how bad it is.”

“It’s worse than even I expected. I’m so sorry Ellen. It’s absolutely awful.”

“We may as well head to work I suppose. Where did you park? I had to turn back and go up to the flats around the back of Harhill Street.”

“I’m just across the road in Elder Street.”

“I hope those poor children are ok. I’m still in shock. I think I need a cuppa before I start work. I’ll see you on the ship shortly.”

Leaving Ellen, albeit rather reluctantly, Daniel returned to his car and made his way across the city to King George V port parking in the half empty port car park and making his way up the gantry onto the imposing Adventurer II cruise ship. Signing in he was immediately faced with Celine asking if he’d heard the news. Not wanting to assume it was just about the fire in Govan he shook his head waiting for his colleague to update him.

“You haven’t heard about the fire in Govan? Awful awful news. Two little kids seriously ill in the Royal hospital for children and at least one adult in the QEUH. Seeing the pictures on the news it looks horrific. I’m sure Ellen will know all about it. She lives somewhere near there I’m sure. Oh and I’ve had even more donations for that mercy trip we’re doing too. There’s a guy helping me out loads and I reckon by Monday I’ll have enough to fill his entire van.”

“That’s great. I’m just going to get myself a coffee. If you see Ellen can you let her know where I am?”

“Of course. I bet she’ll be knackered what with all the events of last night in her area. Oh here’s she’s coming now. Ellen…Ellen…have you heard the news about that flat? Was it anywhere near you?”

Turning around to see Ellen approaching reception Daniel’s eyes met hers as her pain and shock were evident.

“It might be better if Ellen had a cuppa first don’t you think?”

“Oh that’s a great idea Daniel. Come Ellen. We can catch up on last nights gossip over a cuppa before we need to work. I was telling Ellis on the phone that you lived in that area. He hoped it wasn’t your flat. It wasn’t was it?”

Seeing Ellen’s face drain of colour at Celine’s words Daniel rushed towards her putting his arms around her to steady her as he lead her towards the canteen to a seat.

“Did you know them then Ellen?”

“I’ll get you a tea Ellen. Celine maybe you could help me? I think Ellen might need a bit of space.”

“Oh. Ok. I’ll be right back Ellen. Is she ok Daniel? She looks awful. I bet she knew those kids. I thought she would. She knows everyone does our Ellen.”

“I’m sure if Ellen knew them she’ll tell us when she’s ready. I think we’d best give her some quiet time first though. As you say she looks terrible. Better pick her up a biscuit if you don’t mind.”

“I guess I could go get on with some work. Did I email you the details of the forest furnishing delivery? It’s all leaving tomorrow afternoon. IKEA is Monday so Ellis was thinking it might be better if we did the mercy trip before the 10th so all the stuff is in the right flats in time. I know we agreed on the actual day but I think he’s right. It’ll be chaos that day and better to get things done in advance. What do you think?”

“I need a moment to wake up first. Let me have a think and I’ll get back to you about dates. Who’s this Ellis guy anyway?”

“The guy from my Facebook post. Remember? The self employed delivery driver who is taking all the stuff through to Dundee. He’s been helping me organise it all in my garage then he phoned me when he heard sirens last night.”

“Right. Sorry. I’d better get this back to Ellen. I’ll talk to you again later ok?”

Glad to see the overly keen Celine heading away Daniel looked over at a shocked and upset Ellen. Heartbroken for her he took her the mug of tea and the biscuit Cekine had picked up and placed it on the table in front of her.

“We can go somewhere more quiet if you’d prefer. God I hadn’t realised quite how full on Celine can be at times. Lovely girl, and bloody brilliant at her job, but not what you need this morning that’s for sure.”

“I’ll tell her later. She’ll be so upset.”

“She will. Everyone will. So many people here really care about you Ellen. I hope you know that.”

Ellen nodded but that was enough for Daniel as he sat beside his girlfriend and put his arm around her shoulder. She didn’t deserve this. She’d had enough difficulties and troubles in her life already without this. How much could one person take? She so needed a break and if there was anything he could do to make it happen he would.

*343*2024-01-27 01:24

Ellen breaks down

Following signs for the Queen Elizabeth University hospital Ellen drove down the opposite side of it from the port turning into Govan and towards her block of flats. Her mind spinning from all she’d heard and read about the fire all she could think of was the two young children whose names she didn’t even know. Wishing she hadn’t been so focussed on work and preoccupied with her Saturdays in the charity shop she regretted dearly never having time for her neighbours or seeing if she could help them.

Shocked at the volume of vehicles everywhere as she approached Crossloan Terrace she knew she’d never get parked so turned off into the road before her own, parking in the car park for a similar block just behind her own. Even from the back the damage to her own block of flats was obvious with blackened windows, roof tiles on the ground and a huge hole in the roof. Biting her lip she climbed out her car and walked through a lane into Crossloan Terrance immediately seeing police vehicles and police everywhere. Staring up at the building she struggled to hold herself together as the enormity of what had happened began to sink in. What if she had been so busy watching TV she hadn’t realised the building was on fire? What if Daniel hadn’t turned up out of the blue? Had someone torched the neighbour's flat deliberately?

Fighting tears she approached one of the nearby policemen and introduced herself. Pointing to where her flat had been the policeman nodded and explained that she couldn’t get entry before asking when she was last in her flat. Explaining how she’d been in the evening before, that her boyfriend had visited and they had both left when they heard a loud bang and smelt smoke the officer immediately took her details down as he told her that it had taken 6 fire appliances to put out the extensive fire that had broken out.

“The last one only left a few hours ago when they were certain the building had been dampened down sufficiently. Fire investigators will be here shortly but until then I’m afraid the building is considered unsafe. I’ll pass on your details and one of my colleagues will call you back later this morning. They will want to take a full statement from you. I’m afraid you will have to make alternate arrangements of where to live for the foreseeable future.”

Seeing Daniel crossing the road towards her Ellen nodded sombrely towards the Constable to thank him before turning to Daniel and briefing him on what he’d said. Staring up at the building beside her boyfriend Ellen tried desperately to picture her neighbours and their two young children. Blinking back tears she coughed at the strong smell of smoke still lingering telling Daniel that she really needed a cup of tea before she could even think about work. Despite his normal workaholic nature Ellen saw an empathy in his face that reassured her he understood. Watching him heading back towards his car she took one last look up at the decimated block before turning down the lane towards her own car.

Sitting in the car alone for a few minutes trying to process the enormity of everything Ellen finally found the courage to start her car and drive the very familiar journey towards the port and the cruise ship she’d come to view as her sanctuary for the last 12 months. Seeing Daniel’s car already parked up she swallowed hard, wiped her face, and put her head up high. Walking briskly up the gantry and signing in she heard Celine’s familiar voice calling her shouting something about the fire. Struggling to write her name Ellen thought she might vomit as she looked up hoping to avoid having to say anything to her friend for fear she’d burst into tears. Catching Daniel’s eye she kept her eyes fixed on him as the noice of voices drifted all around her. The world a bit of a blur she made out just a few words as she felt the colour drain from her and her legs wobble.

“It wasn’t your flat..was it?”

About to collapse she suddenly felt Daniel’s strong arms holding her up as he guided her gently towards the canteen and a seat. Barely hearing what was being said she watched as Daniel looked like he was making her a tea as his hands waved at Celine as if encouraging her to go somewhere. Silently hoping Celine would give her space she felt herself panicking when they both returned still talking in what felt like booming voices. Keeping her eyes fixed on the table to remind herself she was now sitting down and therefore couldn’t faint she looked up tearfully to see just Daniel.

His voice was quieter, more palatable, than Celine’s as he sat closely beside her and rested his arm over her shoulder. Letting him comfort her she reached over for the tea he had brought and took a sip. Slowly processing the fact that Celine had been asking her about the fire totally unaware that it had been her own flat, Ellen knew she had to tell her at some point and that she’d be so contrite, so apologetic, at the way in which she’d been that morning.

“I’ll tell her later. She’ll be so upset.”

Taking another sip of the refreshing welcoming hot tea Ellen felt her strength slowly returning as Daniel so lovingly spoke sweetly about how much everyone cared for her. It was exactly what her heart needed to hear even if it did make her cry silently as she listened to every word, the reality of the fact she was once again homeless slowly becoming a reality in her mind. Wiping her face with her sleeve Ellen looked up to take another sip of her tea as she heard a young boy walking past happily laughing as he headed to get his breakfast. Smiling at Oleksandr’s young son running ahead of his dad Ellen forced a smile at the child as she turned to Daniel.

“Children are so precious aren’t they. You know I could have had a little one that age if things had been different. It could have been my child in hospital after the fire.”

Seeing the confusion in Daniel’s eyes Ellen felt huge tears rolling down her cheeks again.

“About three years ago when I was sofa surfing I got a bit drunk at someone’s party. I woke up the next morning next to a total stranger. I didn’t really know what had happened until I realised I was naked and my clothing was on the floor. I screamed and he left but weeks later my period was late. My friend put me out and I turned up at another friend’s house crying. A few weeks after that I found out I was pregnant. I couldn’t even look after myself let alone a child and there was no way I was letting social services have any child of mine so I went to my doctor and had an abortion. I can’t undo that now but I can help other children and their families in every way I can. Did you know Bakai, that little one who just walked past us, has just started nursery and now he needs to leave all that just as he’s finally happy and settled and start all over again? That’s all my fault Daniel. I should have found Oleksandr amd Varya a home for their family before now.”

“None of this is your fault Ellen. None of it at all. Bakai will be ok. He won’t even remember the nursery here in a few weeks time when he has his own room and new toys and a new nursery to go to. And you have found his family a home. In fact you’ve found every single family here a home. It just happens to be a little further away from Glasgow that’s all. Remember how excited you said Teona was when she saw her new flat for the first time? And Dmitro and Tetyana, and Taras and Vladislav? Think how safe Ruslana and Nadia feel now too. 

Thats because you care. You never gave up. You amaze me Ellen. You fight for what you believe in whatever it costs you, you give everything of yourself all the time, you go through hell and you come out the other side still looking beautiful, still positive, still wonderful. This last year of working with you has changed me. I’ve never known anyone like you. I will do anything, anything at all, to help you and support you. I can’t even imagine the pain you have went through and are facing right now with the fire and stuff but you are not alone.

Let’s get all these wonderful people here the best possible fresh start in Dundee. You’ve got yourself that interview tomorrow and you know something? You will smash it like you always do. You’ll blow them away with your passion, your commitment, your knowledge of everything the refugees need and how to get it. I know that flat meant everything to you Ellen. I get that. But there’s better out there for you. I promise you.”

“I should check with Aran and Celine about giving me a reference. Oh and I need to call Claypots and see if someone can pop into flat 3C and sort the hot water for Nadia and her mum. I wanted to see how Katya is today too. Myroslava looked so exhausted when I saw her yesterday. You know Daniel you make the best tea ever. I think I’ll take this to my desk with me. Thank you…for everything.”

“You’re welcome Ellen. Can we meet up for lunch here perhaps? I just wanted to see you’re still ok.”

Smiling Ellen looked at Daniel’s warm caring eyes.

“I’d really like that. Half 12?”

“Deal.”

*345*2024-01-27 21:23

{{3 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

This is so good, I think I could read about Ellen and Daniel indefinitely.

}}

Thank you! That means so much to me.

*346*2024-01-27 23:31

Daniel tells Celine the news

Distracted by one of the younger children on the ship walking past Daniel glanced briefly at the happy toddler before returning his attention to Ellen. It seemed Ellen had been equally distracted by the child too as she changed the conversation to children before adding something very unexpected. Hearing of her experience at the hands of another man send shudders through him. How dare anyone lay a finger on Ellen like that let alone leave her pregnant as a result! Shocked, angry, and shaken by the revelation he held Ellen that bit tighter in his arms as she talked about the young child who’d just passed them as he glanced into the canteen to try and spot the child. Still avidly listening to Ellen talking quietly beside him his heart broke even more as she once again began blaming herself for things totally outwith her control.

Reassuring her quickly that the little boy would be fine and even thrive in his new environment in Dundee he desperately tried thinking of the names of those who’d already moved as he tried to help Ellen see how much she’d made a difference to them. Not one for having much of a tolerance for self pity he made an exception on this occasion thinking of all Ellen had been through both recently and in her past. Was it any wonder she was over sensitive at times and quick to assume everything was her fault? Recalling back to the big meeting when Ellen had so passionately and vocally defended the refugees to so many council officials he couldn’t help but admire her so much. She wasn’t afraid to speak her mind, to stand up for those who couldn’t do so for themselves, to fight for what she believed in. He hadn’t been raised in a home where compliments were heard often but years of therapy had taught him the benefits of both giving and receiving positivity in his life.

Reassuring Ellen that he would do anything to support her he slowly felt her shoulders rising and her head looking upwards more as she sipped at her tea and turned to face him. Sensing she was now ready to return to work he moved his arm from her shoulder and rested his hand over her wrist.

“Let’s get all these wonderful people here the best possible fresh start in Dundee. You’ve got that interview tomorrow and you know something? You will smash it like you always do. You’ll blow them away with your passion, your commitment, your knowledge of everything the refugees need and how to get it. I know your flat meant everything to you Ellen. I get that. But there’s better out there for you. I promise you.”

That’s seemed to do the trick as Ellen smiled through her pale face and blotchy eyes as she looking up at him looking more alert and focussed. Thankful to hear her now talking about work matters once more he nodded as she talked affectionately about people she wanted to see and things she had to do. It felt like such a relief to have the old Ellen back but Daniel wasn’t stupid and he knew given the shock of seeing her home so badly fire damaged that she might spiral downwards later again. Keen to avoid this, and knowing despite both working on the same ship that they might actually not always be right beside each other, he came up with a plan. Seeing Ellen nodding in agreement to meeting for lunch he felt a little more settled as she stood up steadily and took her tea over towards her desk. Checking his watch he knew it was time he got back to things too as he walked over to the drinks area, poured himself a coffee and took it over to where he normally worked.

Hearing Celine on the phone nearby he smiled to himself as he logged into his emails. He was starting to feel much more at home on the ship, something he never expected to happen, and so proud of the team of workers from all manner of charities, organisations and public bodies who were all doing their utmost to make project New Adventure such a success. Taking a second to look around as his inbox filled he couldn’t quite believe that in just a matter of days the entire ship would be empty and the vessel leaving port.

He was still reading through his emails when Celine came over to his desk asking if Ellen was ok. Checking around for Ellen and seeing no sign of her he beckoned his colleague to sit beside him as he gently explained that the fire in Govan that she’d so keenly wanted to talk to Ellen about had actually been the very block of flats she lived in. Quietly, privately, Daniel retold how he’d visited Ellen the evening before and how they’d heard a bang and smelt smoke and how they’d only just escaped in time. Asking Celine to tread carefully with Ellen and show her compassion he found his eyes welling up as Celine began crying quietly.

“Oh my God Daniel. I had no idea. Oh God, poor Ellen. What an awful thing to happen. Is she ok…actually that’s a stupid thing to say isn’t it? Jesus how do you even begin to deal with something as shit as that? Have the council given her temporary accommodation somewhere?

“She stayed at mine last night. I don’t think being alone is a good idea right now. She went back to see the flat this morning but jeez that was soul destroying. You’ve probably seen the photos on the news. It’s so much worse in real life. The smell alone is overpowering and the damage is horrific. I doubt she’ll ever see anything from her flat ever again. I’ve come across a fair few house fires in my time as a housing officer before but those flats are way beyond anything even I’ve seen. The roof has been burnt away and the entire building is exposed to the elements. No one will be living there for years I expect, if ever again.”

“Oh God. And those two young kids too. Ellen must be torn apart inside. I should go find her. Oh not now phone. I swear this thing always rings when I least want it to.”

“Ellen has a lot on this morning. You’d better take that call.”

Leaving Celine to her call Daniel read through the pile of emails then set about answering them one by one in between making and answering calls and drinking his coffee. Time seemed to fly by and before he knew it the time on his laptop read 12:20. Finishing what he was doing he saved and closed his laptop, slid his phone into his suit pocket and headed over towards the busy canteen looking forward to seeing Ellen again and hoping she was still ok.

*348*2024-01-28 23:05

{{13 hours ago, desperateseb said:

Honestly so invested in this, checking for an update is the first thing I do in the morning 😂

It’s even more impressive that you can write like this with a full bladder- so so so good!

}}

Thank you. I think about this story all day then when I have the time to write I gather my bottles of water, reread back, do any research necessary then start writing. I then need to proof read before posting and going to the loo too.

I’m loving writing this and thrilled you are enjoying it so much.

*350*2024-01-29 00:26

Ellen keeps busy

Picking up her half drunk mug of tea Ellen walked towards her work area before changing her mind and deciding she’d rather be alone for a bit longer. Knowing the ship thoroughly from spending so much time on it she headed towards what had been Diana and Mykhaila’s cabin and slipped quietly into the laundry room a few door before it. Sitting on the only chair in the room, a basic plastic chair tucked inside behind the door facing the two washing machines and dryers, she finished what was left of her tea and placed the mug on the floor. Pulling out her phone she scrolled through her contacts for Claypots and pressed dial.

It took several rings before Rob eventually answered and Ellen could explain about Ruslana and Nadia and their issue the night before with hot water. Telling him what Daniel had told them to do by switching the emergency water on Ellen felt relieved to hear this was exactly the right thing to do. Offering to go and check in on flat 3C and explain more about how the new heat pump heating system worked Rob clarified how much English the occupants understood telling Ellen how he’d sent over the instruction manual to Daniel so he could get it translated into Ukrainian. Promising to chase this up and forward it to all the new residents as soon as she could Ellen left Rob to get on so she could get on with work herself.

Picking up the empty mug from the floor and temporarily placing it on the worktop over the machines Ellen returned to the corridor and chapped on a cabin door a few doors down. Myroslava answered quickly looking tired but calmer. Pleased to see Katya sitting up watching TV Ellen chatted to them both checking Katya was feeling better after her sickness bug and generally making sure they were both ok. Katya was thrilled to see Ellen again, immediately chatting away avidly about what she was watching and asking when she could get back to school.

“When was the last time you were sick sweetheart?”

“Just before bed last night wasn’t it mum? I’ve had breakfast and I feel better now.”

“It needs to be 48 hours since you were last sick so tonight will be 24 hours and tomorrow night will be 48. With tomorrow being Friday I’m afraid it’ll be Monday before you can go back. As long as you wash your hands really well though you don’t need to stay in your cabin though. You can get some fresh air too if you want, though it’s cold and drizzly out there this morning.”

“Can I take her with me to work tomorrow? I was really hoping she’d be back in school. I don’t get paid for being off and I don’t have a job in Dundee. What am I supposed to do?”

Shaking her head apologetically at Myroslava Ellen explained how taking a child to work wasn’t acceptable but she softened the blow as best she could by promising to speak to someone and see what she could do about helping her seek employment in Dundee. Reluctantly Myroslava nodded as she ended the conversation by asking if they could go to the canteen at lunchtime to get a beak from the tiny cabin. Nodding to her to confirm this Ellen bent down to ask Katya what her favourite programme was as she made a mental note to se if any of the things Celine was collecting might make her smile when they moved.

“I love that one with the dogs, Bluey. And I love Mr. maker. I wish I could make the things he makes.”

“I’m sure I can find you some arts and crafts stuff to keep you occupied this weekend. I need to go now but I am so happy to see you better Katya. I might see you later in the canteen.”

Leaving the Holovaty cabin Ellen picked up her mug as she was passing the laundry room and walked back to drop it into the canteen. Passing Aran she stopped him to check it was ok to use him as a reference for the caretaker’s job and thanking him for his help. Planning to then head back to her desk she then saw Victoria Fielding in her distinctive NHS nurses ‘ uniform as she stopped her to update her on Mylana and how she’d had to cancel her up and coming pregnancy scan as they would no longer be in Glasgow.

“I’m not their keeper Ellen. I’m here to look after their health matters and carry out community tests and checks. I can’t be on top of all their appointments and nannying them all. They need to take responsibility for themselves and their own health. To be honest I’ll be glad to see them all moving on. Did you know I came all the way out here earlier this week to see Mrs Kravchenco, Mrs Mishura and Ms Ivangov and not one of you lot had the common decency to inform me that two of them had already moved away and one had been admitted to hospital! Now if you don’t mind I’m in a hurry. You haven’t seen Mr Guru around have you? I’m here to change his dressing but he wasn’t in his cabin.”

“I haven’t seen Stepan for a couple of days now sorry.”

“I’ll have a quick look in the canteen but if he’s not there I’ll need to head away.”

“Right. Of course. Sorry to have bothered you.”

Leaving Victoria Ellen felt unsettled by the thought she hadn’t seen Stepan around much since she’d finally managed to source him I.D the week before. She’d been so busy with the meetings, the trip to Dundee and organising everything that it hadn’t occurred to her to check on him. Walking straight to reception she explained her concerns to one of the girls at the desk who radioed Robert Berry to come speak to her. Repeating her concerns to Robert they searched through the sign in books noticing he’d signed himself out early Tuesday morning before Ellen had even left with the first group for Dundee. Looking anxiously on while Robert scrolled through the sign in sheets shaking his head Ellen already guessed there was no sign of his name anywhere since.

“Would you like the girls to contact you if he signs in again at all?”

“Yes please. He doesn’t have a phone to my knowledge so I have no way of contacting him. He knows the rules so hopefully he turns up today or unfortunately we may be forced to contact the police.”

As if on cue Ellen’s mobile rang as she answered it quickly, still standing at reception. Hearing it was the police her mind raced and her heart beat loudly when they introduced themselves and said they were calling about the fire at her flat. Excusing herself from reception and Robert Berry, a key employee of the cruise company, Ellen walked along the corridor of meeting rooms to her right, opening one up and walking in for privacy. Recognising the room as the one she’d met with Daniel in the week before she walked over to where she’d remembered peeing on the floor on top of Daniel as she listened to the police on the phone.

Giving a full statement over the phone as she walked around the room Ellen picked up that they were treating the fire as deliberate and she dearly wished she’d seen more of the tall darkly dressed male hanging around outside the neighbour’s flat. Wishing she could forget it all ever happened she was glad to finally be off the phone as she bent down to feel the carpet by the wall happy to know it was dry as she glanced at her watch.

How could it be time to meet Daniel for lunch already? She hadn’t even so much as turned on her laptop yet let alone found Celine to check if she’d agree to be a reference for her interview the next day. There was always so much to do and never enough hours in the day she thought as she left the room and walked past reception towards the large central canteen. Hearing a text on her phone she decided to wait until she’d got lunch to read it as she looked around for any sign of Daniel.

*351*2024-01-30 01:12

Another lunch with Ellen

Picking up a clean tray and sliding it along the counter Daniel selected some hot lunch and a bottle of juice hoping Ellen might already be seated somewhere waiting for him. Remembering the hidden area they’d sat in before he made his way there, disappointed to see just empty tables. Sitting down against the wall facing the main canteen area he began slowly eating his food and drinking his juice as he anxiously kept a keen eye out for Ellen.

Finally he saw her as she walked towards where he was sitting carrying her tray of food and drink with both hands with her eyes straight ahead. Jumping out from his seat he strode towards her offering to carry her tray and guiding her towards the quiet table hidden in a back corner.

“I was starting to think I’d missed you. It’s so good to see you again.”

“I’ve had a crazy morning. Sorry. I’m just this minute off the phone to the police. They wanted a statement about last night. It’s not looking good by the way. They think the fire was deliberate.”

“Seriously?”

“Yip. It’s a crime scene at the moment and when I asked about getting back in they told me to contact the council as it’s likely the building will be deemed inhabitable for quite some time.”

“You can stay at mine for as long as you need. You know that.”

Seeing Ellen nod then pause to eat her lunch and drink some water Daniel couldn’t help but smile at her. Despite everything that had just happened to her here she was still sitting in front of him, still working, still functioning, still looking as stunning as ever to him. Thinking back to his own morning he let the silence linger for a few minutes while they both ate before feeling it was ok to speak.

“The translator emailed me this morning with the heating manual for the tower block. I copied it over to you but I haven’t had a chance to check the emails of the group already in Dundee. If you get a minute later would you be able to forward it on to them? Hopefully it makes things easier for everyone, especially Nadia’s mum.”

Looking up from her food Ellen smiled across at him.

“I’ve already called Rob at Claypots. He promised to pop into their flat this morning and explain it to them again but I think Ruslana will understand it far better with a Ukrainian manual. I have a list of all their emails so I’ll send the manual over this afternoon. By the way did you hear about Stepan Guru?”

Having no idea who he was Daniel shook his head and looked quizzically at Ellen.

“No.”

“Looks like he’s gone AWOL on us. He’s the guy I told you about once. Young lad. Arrived here alone aged just 15 without any family or ID. It’s taken this long just to trace who he was and it was only just over a week ago that I finally managed to get something formal from social security Scotland for him. One of the charities on here then supported him to apply for benefits but it takes weeks for those to come through. I bumped into Victoria Fielding earlier and she happened to be looking for him. Something about a dressing change. Anyway that’s when I realised he has not been on the ship for days. We’ve checked right through the sign in sheets but the last time his name is on any of them is Tuesday morning about an hour before the minibus left for Dundee. I don’t have a good feeling about this if I’m honest.”

“Jeez that’s the last thing we need right now is a missing resident. Can we trace his phone or something?”

“I don’t think he’s got a phone Daniel. He’s not had any income for almost a full year. I just hope he hast tried to get back to Ukraine.”

“Without any cash? I’m not sure how far he’d get”

“True. Anyway if he doesn’t return tonight I think we should call the police.”

Nodding to show his approval Daniel placed his cutlery on his now empty plate and drank the last of his juice. Happy to just be sitting opposite Ellen and talking with her he sat back enjoying gazing at Ellen as she ate and drank.

“So how’s your morning been?”

“Busy. As fast as I answer one email another three bounce into my inbox to deal with. I managed to speak to Celine though. I hope you don’t mind but I felt she should know about the fire. She was looking for you and after this morning with her rather over enthusiastic exuberance I thought she’d better find out sooner rather than later. I haven’t told anyone else though.”

“I’ll go talk to her after this. She really wasn’t to know this morning. I need to ask her about giving me a reference anyway. I asked Aran and he is happy to help. I must finish my CV too. It’s never ending isn’t it.”

“It is a bit. Everyone is doing a great job though. This time next week it’ll all be over though.”

Glancing at his watch for the time Daniel looked back at Ellen as she gulped down the last of her drink and put her plate and cutlery on her tray.

“By this time next week we’ll all be in Dundee and everyone will be in their new flats. That’s quite a thought.”

“Do you think everything will be ready on time?”

“I’m sure of it. The way Celine is going they’ll not lack for anything for months. When I left her she was on the phone again confirming the day to head over with the contents of her garage. I never thought I’d say this but I’ll miss working with her after this. Loud, opinionated, out spoken, and quiet in your face at times, but you can’t fault what she’s accomplished with the furniture and her community collection.”

Seeing Ellen looking at him wide eyed with her foot running up his leg he could have predicted what she was about to say.

“And will you miss working with anyone else on here at all?”

“Maybe a certain someone I might. There is this one colleague who perhaps has left a bit of an impression on me. Right workaholic, very passionate, extremely pretty, strikingly sexy and exceedingly beautiful. In fact I’d really quite like to kiss her right now if she was ok with that?”

Leaning over the table closer to Ellen Daniel felt the electricity once again between them both as Ellen drew closer to him and their lips brushed together. Hungry for so much more, but respectful of all Ellen was dealing with, he kissed Ellen just long enough to communicate his feelings for her but not quite long enough to set his body on full fire where he’d struggle to settle down again. It didn’t take much for her to make him hard at all, even in public. Reaching out his hand to touch hers on the table he clasped her hand in his and winked at her.

“You know I heard a rumour that this particular colleague has an important interview tomorrow and I wondered if she’d like to have dinner with me tonight at a restaurant to celebrate?”

“You asking her out on a date? Wow. And here I thought you were a quiet, reserved, composed sort of man who only liked his mum’s home cooking?”

Leaning his head to the side lapping up the flirtatious undertones between them Daniel smiled knowingly at Ellen.

“Sometimes we all need pushed out our comfort zones a bit don’t you think?”

“I think that colleague of yours, whoever she is, would agree with you there. If it’s the same one I’m thinking of I think she’s pushed herself quite far already just thinking about an interview let alone anything more.”

“Absolutely. So she deserves a reward wouldn’t you agree?”

Sensing the game was already having as much of an effect on Ellen as it was him he watched her blush and smile back at him.

“I guess she does. Should I tell her to meet you at reception at half past 5?”

“You definitely should.”

*352*2024-01-30 23:37

Ellen gets some news

Choosing from the vast selection of hot food on offer Ellen filled her tray and grabbed a bottle of cold water from the fridge then looked around for any sign of Daniel. Not seeing him anywhere obvious she took her food towards the very back wall where she’d found a more private area months ago. Being careful with her tray she was looking down at it making sure nothing was spilling when she heard Daniel’s voice and felt him lifting the tray from her hands. It felt so good to see him again, a small oasis in an otherwise hectic day, a breather from the busyness, a break from the pressure. The thing about Daniel, she realised, was how consistent he always was: reserved, conscientious, organised, immaculately dressed and constantly calm. Nothing seemed to faze him, his mood predictable, his body as attractive as always.

So familiar with him that she felt she could barge headfirst into how her morning had been she updated him on giving the police a statement about the fire, discovering Stepan was missing, calling the contractors in Dundee about the hot water in flat 3C, and talking to the NHS community nurse. Realising after all that that she hadn’t even asked about Daniel’s morning she ate her food while he talked about an email he’d sent her and how he’d told Celine about the fire. Cringing as she felt her friend’s embarrassment at how she’d been earlier that morning Ellen couldn’t help but smile as her boyfriend complemented her best friend and admitted he’d actually miss her when the project ended. Knowing how opposite their personalities truly were Ellen was so proud of Daniel who had always clearly found Celine somewhat the top and pushy at times, though he’d never actually been so unprofessional to admit it.

Looking up at Daniel as he sat back so relaxed and casual Ellen couldn’t resist slipping her foot out of her shoe and rubbing her foot up the leg of his suit trousers. She’d always loved his grey formal suit, having seen him wear it so often it had become almost his signature outfit in her mind’s eye, and it never failed to highlight his gorgeous dark brown skin and neatly trimmed at the sides but bushier on the top hair. Sensing Daniel physically responding to her touch the conversation seemed to naturally veer towards their mutual attraction to each other as before she even realised Daniel was inviting her out for dinner after work. Remembering that the grocery shopping she’d done only the day before had all now been lost in her burnt out flat, and not keen on eating a reheated meal from her boyfriend’s mum, Ellen felt thrilled at this idea, even if she did have so much to still prepare for her interview the following morning.

Agreeing to meet Daniel again at reception at the end of the day she happily let kiss her him before picking up her tray and taking it to the appropriate area. Assuming Daniel would do the same she paused to talk to Katya and her mum again as they ate some lunch together before looking around for Celine to catch up with her in the hope she’d also agree to give her a reference. Not seeing any sign of her in the canteen she was walking towards her work area when her friend and colleague ran up to her throwing her arms around her enthusiastically and energetically.

“Oh Ellen! I’m so sorry about this moaning. Daniel told me about what happened. I had no idea. How are you coping?”

Feeling her emotions rising at the tight hug of her colleague Ellen struggled to speak.

“I’m just trying not to think about it. There’s so much to do here keeping me busy.”

“It’s non stop right now I know, but what happens in your private life matters too. We’re not robots. It’s ok to say this fucking sucks!”

“I’d only just done a food shop. I know it sounds ridiculous when I’ve lost everything but why do these things always happen when your fridge and cupboards are full?”

“I wish I knew. Daniel said you’re staying with him. Is that what you want? I’m sure you’d be priority for temporary housing given the circumstances. Oh Ellen I’m so so sorry.”

Feeling her friend finally letting her go but still holding both her hands Ellen looked up at the taller, much slimmer girl.

“I’ll see how things go at Daniel’s I guess. His house is actually really lovely. He’s absolutely crap at cooking though. I really need to get some decent food in his fridge. There isn’t a fresh vegetable in sight!”

“Men eh! Since we’re on the subject of men I don’t think I’ve told you that Ellis came to mine again last night. There’s been so many donations that my garage was a tip. He stayed for hours with me sorting it all out. He was driving home when he heard sirens everywhere so he phoned me to check I was ok. We talked for ages on the phone. I feel like I’ve known him for years. Weird isn’t it. We were thinking Sunday or Monday to head over with the stuff. Are you and Daniel still thinking of coming? We could really do with the help.”

“I’ll talk to Daniel and let you know. Actually Celine there was something I really wanted to ask you. You know that interview I’ve got tomorrow morning for the caretaker’s job? Would you be willing to be a referee for me? I’d really appreciate it.”

“Of course I would. What do you need?”

“Just your home address and phone number if that’s ok?”

“I’ll email them over to you right now. Actually I could text you couldn’t I?”

“Thank you.”

Letting Celine type on her phone Ellen took her own phone out her bag and looked at it in anticipation. Forgetting she’d had a text just before lunch she finally clicked on it and immediately covered her mouth with her hand in shock. Seeing Celine look down at her after sending her text she looked at Ellen curiously.

“What now Ellen? Please don’t tell me it’s even more bad news. We’ve had enough of that already today.”

“It’s from Dmitro! Tetyana’s in labour! She’s in Ninewells hospital and he said he’d text when he has any more news.”

“Oh Ellen! How exciting! Thank goodness we got them moved just in time.”

“Definitely! Oh I can’t wait to see the photos. I hope Dmitro sends me some.”

“Let me know if you hear any more updates won’t you.”

“I will. I’d better turn my laptop on and get on with stuff. Would you believe I’ve been here hours and haven’t even read my emails yet!”

Laughing, Celine looked back at Ellen as she headed to the canteen.

“Don’t worry. I won’t mention that in your reference.”

“You’d better not!”

