Some stories about the Mane Six

Author: Maormer1123

*000*2025-04-27 18:41

First story based on the series "The Last Roundup". The next stories in this topic will be original or maybe sometimes in decoration of the other series with changing the storyline. I am sorry for some mistakes. English is not my first language.

###

1. Five best pony friends are were standing on the platform waiting for the train to arrive. They did not look happy — despite their best efforts they still have not found Applejack. She came to this southern town for the Rodeo a few days ago and never returned home. Locals told friends that she had taken a ticket for the return train and they even saw her at the station. But she never get to the Ponyville. There was only one explanation — she got off the train at one of the stops along the road.

— We have already asked ponies from all the surrounding villages where this train stops and no results. — Twilight mused — That means Applejack has moved on farther. Now we have to take the return train to the next major stop. Maybe we will find some answers there.

— Are you sure that going back now is a good idea? — Rainbow Dash asked mistrustfully. Twilight sighed and lowered her head.

— I am not. But we have no choice. Applejack is not here and this is our only chance to find her.

— But… What we gonna do if we… will not? — Fluttershy added timidly. — I can not believe we have to go home without her.

— Try not to think about it. — Twilight said and her friends nodded understandingly. The stationmaster announced the arrival of the Rockville train in a minute. Pinkie quickly finished her large Rodeo drink and threw the paper cup in the trash.

— You should have taken something like that too. — She said and other ponies looked at her in confusion. — What? They make good drinks.

— Pinkie! We are not here for fun! — Rainbow Dash exclaimed — We are looking for Applejack!

— And so what? Does that mean we are not allowed to find and taste anything new? — Pinkie parried — I believe we are gonna find Applejack very soon! I willing to bet you that I will find her first!

— Pinkie, it is not a game!

— I did not say I am going to play you a game! I just know that everything will be fine! — Pinkie continued to smile and paid no attention to Rainbow's tone. After all pegasus gave up and silently followed her friends onto the train. There was no one else in the wagon but them — in times outside of the Rodeo this part of Equestria did not attract any other travelers. The machinist gave the departure and the train started moving.

The girls looked out the window in silence at the villages they had already been. At each one there was a short sanitary stop and a few ponies from other wagons got off to use the restroom.

In about an hour they had left the relatively populated part of the South and entered the desert. There was nothing to look at outside the window and Twilight turned to her friends. And her first glance immediately fell on Pinkie who was sitting in a strange pose and smiling stranger than ordinary.

— Are you okay? — Twilight asked her. Pinkie turned to her and pretended everything was fine.

— Of course I am! Why did you decide to ask?

— You look a little nervous. Just tell us if something is wrong. We are your friends and we will understand you.

— It is nothing! I just… — Her face turned more red than usual. — I suddenly need to pee. Maybe that large drink was unnecessary after all. But I honestly could not resist! It was so delicious!

Pinkie's enthusiastic voice trailed off into a squeak and she crossed her back hooves tightly. Twilight and the other Elements looked over at each other.

— But it is not a problem! I just will use the restroom at the next stop! — she added quite calmly but the frown looks from her friends made her tense up. — What is up? There is something I do not know?

— Pinkie… I do not want to upset you but… We have already passed all the stops near the town. Now the train goes to Dodge Junction without any stops. — Twilight said and Pinkie instantly stopped smiling.

— Wi… wi… without… any… stops?! — She gulped and pressed herself tightly against the seat. — But… I really need to go!

— I am sorry Pinkie. But you need to hold it until we get to the DJ.

Twilight was tense and a little angry. They were already having trouble finding their missing friend and now another extra. In over a year of dealing with Pinkie Pie she know that pony has the bladder as unpredictable as herself. During the party preparations she might not using the bathroom halfway through the day and do not feel no any discomfort. Or she might run away for finding fillies room almost every hour — especially when she drink a lot of cider or other beverage with diuretic effect. And the most unpleasant thing was the speed with which her bladder reminded her of itself. Just a minute ago she could feel literally nothing but now approach to be on the brink of desperation.

And her friends really could not do anything to help her. The Equestrian railroads had only a few runs of more than twelve hours with restrooms. And this one was not one of them. The train Rockville-Ponyville was a regular passenger race with no name tickets. And there were no restrooms too. Since the duration of the trip was not supposed to be very long the designers intended for passengers to use the restrooms during the stops.

When Pinkie realized she would have to hold all the way to Dodge Junction her eyes rounded with horror.

— And… how long that will be? — she asked cautiously. Twilight looked at the clock above the wagon door and then checked the schedule.

— Just over two more hours. — she said and saw her friend practically panic.

— TWO MORE HOURS?! — Pinkie literally cried — I can not hold it so long! I am about to burst even right now!

— I wish I could help you but now I can not do anything.

— If it makes you feel any better we will not laugh at you even if something happens. We love you anyway. — Fluttershy added in her soft voice.

— Of course we will not, darling. In the life of every mare something like this happens sometimes. — said Rarity and Rainbow Dash look at her with a playful smile.

— Even in your life too?! — she said with an obvious challenge. Rarity look at her strictly and firmly retorted:

— Yes! In my life too! And I will not talk about this now if that is what you mean!

— Please do not remind me of that. When I think about it I feel that I need to go even worse. — Pinkie begged when her back hooves tried to restrain the ocean which splashed inside her. She was already tensing every muscle in her body and felt herself getting worse by the second.

The friends began to discuss the future plan for finding Applejack and tried to ignore Pinkie and her struggle with her body. Several times they threw back sympathetic glances and continued the conversation as if nothing was happening.

Pinky was grateful to them — the lack of attention helped her to concentrated on her own problem. Now her bladder is hurt more than any time in her memory. Of course she has been in situations like that before and more than once. When she was younger and lived on the stone farm with her parents and sisters they had spend all day in the stone fields and had just one potty break in the middle. Her older sister Limestone always said that rock ponies must have rock bladder and hold it that long that necessary. And Pinkie never asked for the extra potty break even she felt she need to go badly.

But now she was in the worst possible situation. Her bladder decided to play a cruel trick on her as it liked to do after she get her cutie mark — her body just ignored obvious need for an hours until she suddenly need to pee worse than ever.

Crossing the back hooves did not help much and she need to permanently fidget to maintain control. It was torture for her. Each new spasm felt stronger to her than the previous one and she afraid that one of them make her dam failure.

— How… much… time… is… left? — Pinkie asked through tightly clenched teeth. She felt a new spasm creeping up on her and she really could not wait for a long time. Twilight calmly looked at the clock again.

— Only half an hour. — She said and Pinkie did not know whether to cheer or weep. On the one hand there was not much time left and she was even beginning to believe she could actually make it. But on the other hand she felt really bad now and afraid she would lost control during this half an hour. Actually she may lost control in five minutes.

The strongest spasm took her by surprise and make a little tinkle to come out. Pinkie felt it and grabbed her crotch with the front hoof as fast as she could. The accident was prevented but she felt a little wetness on her fur. Fortunately the pony anatomy prevented her little emergency to spill out and ruined the seats. But the next such leak is likely to be more fatal.

The next twenty five minutes was very long and painful time for Pinkie. She expected a new spasm every second but she was lucky and it never happened. But her bladder ached and throbbed more violently than before.

The desert slowly began to turn into a kind of settlement.

— I hope this lead does not turn out to be a dead end. — Rainbow Dash said when the train began to slow down. — I do not wanna go home empty-hooved after promising we would find her.

— I do not know how we will break it to the Apple family. — Fluttershy said when her eyes almost filled with tears.

— I do not know how we will break it to Ponyville! — Twilight added.

— I DO NOT KNOW HOW I WILL MAKE IT TO THE NEXT STOP! — Pinkie shouted from the back seat. This made her friends turn to her sharply and saw that she is holding on with all her might. They did not tell her anything and just look to their windows. The horn of a steam locomotive announced the train had stopped.

— This is Dodge Junction, girls. Applejack is supposed to have come here after the rodeo ended. — Twilight said despite the fact that everypony already knew it. She loved to repeat things that everypony knew.

The train jolt when stopping make Pinkie felt a strong push to her bladder and bended in half. Then she was able to prevent the leak but after the second she felt that another spasm is near.

She looked out the window and saw a toilet near the station building. But the door was closed. And she knew that if the door was closed that means somepony was inside. NO! WHY NOW WHEN SHE NEED TO GO THAT BAD?! In any case she was closer to relief now than before.

Her friends had already gotten off the train by that time. Jumping out of her seat and not losing control, Pinkie ran towards the toilet as fast as she could.

— Let is fan out and try to find her. — Twilight said to other ponies when her desperate friend brushed past her at great speed.

— Ooh, pickles! — another spasm struck her in the middle of the way and she almost lost control. A few trickles come out and fall to the ground under her hooves when she knocked loudly on the door. — Hurry-hurry-hurry-hurry-hurry! Hurry it up in there!

It was only a few seconds before Pinkie heard the rattle of the latch. The door opened towards Pinkie and she could not see the pony coming out. But it did not matter to her now. She immediately ran inside the toilet and was about to close the door behind her.

— Huh, some ponies. Sheesh. — Familiar voice made her stop. She could not be mistaken. It actually was…

— Applejack! — the joy of finding the lost friend make her jump out of the toilet and run to other Elements, — I found her! I found her! — she called and her friend heard it and ran towards her. In the middle of the street they saw Applejack and immediately rushed to hug her.

— Oh, Applejack, thank heavens! — said Rarity and did not pay any attention that Applejack did not look happy at all.

— We are so glad you are safe! — Fluttershy added.

— I found her! I found her! — Pinkie was still happy about her unexpected finding and going to say Rainbow that she was right when another strong spasm make her bladder surrender.

"OH NO! I FORGOT!" She cursed herself for not paying attention and squeezed her back hooves as hard as she could. She was only seconds away from an accident right now.

— B… be right back. — Pinkie squeaked softly to her friends and ran as fast as she could to the toilet.

When she ran inside and locked the door her seconds was over. She was only half a meter away from the toilet when she finally lost control. A few hot streams come out before she seat on it and stopped hold her bladder. The strong waterfall falled from her and the sound was so loud that she did not heard her sigh of relief.

— OH-H-H-H-H-H-P-I-C-K-L-E-E-E-S! I NEED IT SO-O-O-O BA-A-A-A-AD!

She was enjoying every moment. It was the first time for the years when she wanted to pee that bad and when she was so closed to the accident. But it was definitely worth it. She found Applejack first as she promise to Rainbow Dash and experienced the best relief in her life in one day.

After one minute her stream did not ended and ever did not became weaker.

— Oh! Did I really holded in myself so much water? One minute ago I maybe was like a barrel! — She giggled trying to imagine it. — No wonder I barely made it through. Hm… Barely and barrel? Barely barrel! It is funny! Barely barrel! Barely barrel! — she repeated it until her bladder was actually empty. She carefully tore off a piece of TP and wiped the remaining moisture from her fur.

And before went out Pinkie looked at the ground under her hooves. There was a small wet spot soaked by the ground.

— Well… maybe I was… practically made it in time! — She blushed but then smiled. Perhaps she could have said that she was a little late. But she was an optimist and preferred to think that the glass was half full.

Then she went out and headed to her friend who still talked to the Applejack. And it all looked like Applejack was not very happy about this conversation.

— Oh Pinkie, it is beautiful that you noticed her! — Twilight said and smile. — Are you okay?

Pinkie nodded.

— Speaking of which, can you wait me for the minute? — Rainbow Dash landed and lost her back hooves against each other. — I think I need to go too.

Without waiting for an answer she flied to the toilet. Pinkie brushed again – if Rainbow going in there now she will see her "practically" wet spot on the ground and understand everything. But she was still her friend. And in addition Pinkie knew something too and Rainbow knew that she knew it and keep all in secret.

But all her reasoning came to nothing when a random pony locked the toilet door in front of Rainbow Dash.

— Oh come on! — She exclaimed irritably and returned to her friends. The eyes of the five ponies turned to Applejack — now she need to explain why she did not return to the Ponyville and what is going on.

*001*2025-04-30 01:59

The second story partly takes place during the first and partly continues it. The next few will also be related.

###

2. — I hope this lead does not turn out to be a dead end. I do not wanna go home empty-hooved after promising we would find her. — Rainbow Dash was feeling a fatigue and disappointment in position she finds herself in. One of her best friends suddenly lost and even five ponies could not find her for the whole day. Applejack seemed to escaped into thin air. Now they have only hope to listen something about her in the Dodge Junction.

But fatigue was not the only problem she worried about. About an hour ago she noticed the familiar feeling slightly below the belly and tensed up. The middle of the train ride was definitely not the most appropriate place for this.

The feeling was not strong for the first time. But the young pegasus knew her body well enough to not be deceived. And she knew that her little problem become a large during the time and this time was not on her side. She needed to go as soon as possible or her bladder will make that decision instead of her.

The time was approaching evening and Rainbow tried to remember the last time when she used the bathroom. "Bloody hay! It was in the morning when we arrived in that town!" — that time all five ponies felt the need for relieve and use the restrooms at the train station. Twilight and Fluttershy also went during the finding on the former rodeo site. Then Rainbow inwardly chuckled at them about so many potty breaks. But now she is feeling that doing the same maybe was a good idea. Especially for her.

— I do not know how we will break it to the Apple family.

Rainbow stopped looking out the window and turned back to her friends when she heard Fluttershy's voice. Now they actually need to concentrate on finding Applejack. But the pegasus would not mind of using the restroom anyway if given the opportunity. Especially since she was not the only one who need it now.

— I do not know how we will break it to Ponyville!

— I DO NOT KNOW HOW I WILL MAKE IT TO THE NEXT STOP!

Rainbow turned around at Pinkie and nodded understandingly. Her torture about to not wet herself was so obvious that Rainbow felt she need to go more than earlier. But she is of course will allow Pinkie to use the restroom near the train station before do it herself.

They got off the train and desperate Pinkie promptly ran away. The other ponies reached out to the locals and Twilight was just about to show them a picture of Applejack. But before she could say anything Pinkie called them and said that she found her. Coming around the corner they saw the lost farmer in the middle of the street.

— Oh, Applejack, thank heavens! — Rarity said when AJ noticed them.

— We are so glad you are safe! — Fluttershy added. Rainbow saw with her special flyer sight how Pinkie rushed to the restroom again and remember about her own need. But she was not worried at all. Her long awaited relieve was very closed and everything she need to do is waiting a few minutes when Pinkie come out.

— Uh… Hey everypony. What is up? — asked Applejack pretended that she is really does not understand why they are here.

— Why did not you come back to Ponyville?! — Rainbow exclaimed. Now she really wanted to know the answer to that question. But Applejack just kept silent and did not answer any question. She really could not lie but aslo did not to tell the truth. And her friends decided to give her an interrogation.

Pinkie returned to them and now Rainbow can see the expression of absolute bliss on her face. Meanwhile her own bladder awake and strucked her with the painful spasm. Now she was still not afraid of losing control but the sudden nature call make her land and crossed her back hooves.

— Speaking of which, can you wait me for the minute? I think I need to go too. — She was going to get this over with as soon as possible and went to the bathroom. But this time her luck had turned against her and somepony managed to get in there before her and slammed the door right in her face.

— Oh come on! — She was furious. Why do these ridiculous accidents keep happening to her at the most inopportune moments?! She did not have time to wait in line. They needed to ask some questions to Applejack. And despite the fact that her bladder was in strong disagreement with her, Rainbow return to her friends.

But all their attempts turned into nothing. The only pony that gave them any information was the owner of the largest farm in the town, Cherry Jubilee. She said she met Applejack at a rodeo and was impressed with her skills. And then she heard that Applejack was going to change of scenery and hired her to work.

— Change of scenery?! What is that supposed to mean? — Rainbow Dash was surprised and angry. Surprised because she would never believe that a dedicated Apple would give up the business of her family and angry because one of her best friend still refused to tell me what happened with her.

— So no big deal. I thought cherries would be a nice change from apples and so I took the job and came here. That is it. End of story.

Friends tried to insist on their own but Applejack was adamant.

— Sorry. But that is all there is to tell. Thanks for checkin on me but you all can go home now. Tell my family hi and that I am doing a-okay.

She tried to leave. But Rainbow overtook her and blocked her path.

— Excuse me, AJ, but we did not travel all over Equestria searching for you to come home without you!

— Well I did not ask you to come looking for me! There is nothing to tell and I am not going back to Ponyville!

Rainbow tried to catch up with her again but another spasm in her bladder made her stop for the few seconds and tighten her muscles. And when she feel better Applejack was already gone.

— I do not care what she says. Applejack is not telling us something. — Twilight said when they tried to come up with a new plan.

— Twilight is right. We gotta get her to spill the beans. — Rainbow added. She looked toward the restroom once more and all her hopes of soon relief evaporated. There was already a long line of ponies who worked for Cherry Jubilee in front of the door. She sighed irritably before they left. And now her bladder was beginning to give her cause for concern.

In order to talk to Applejack one more time the friends were forced to temporarily get hired to work at the same farm. Cherry Jubilee accepted their offer. She was now in harvest season and needed lots of hooves. There were still a few hours left in the day and they had a chance to learn something.

But AJ would say nothing again. And what is worse their brief altercation ended in a disaster in the workshop and the loss of several baskets of cherries. The friends were forced to pay Cherry Jubilee twenty bits in compensation and clean up the whole mess before the last break.

When they ended Rainbow was actually felt she need to go really bad. Now she could not stay in the air for long because her back muscles put a lot of pressure on her belly and obstructed to hold ocean inside. In addition when she flied all content of her bladder was splashing like cider in a shaked bottle. So she landed every five minutes and crossed her back hooves.

— Are you okay Rainbow? Maybe you are tired and need the break? — Twilight asked in a voice a little strange to her. Rainbow shaked her head.

— I will wait for the technical pause. — she replied but felt that she need the break right now. But her pride would not let her say that she need to use the restroom. She knew she was strong and willful and she could wait for as long as it takes. Or maybe she was just convincing herself that she really thought that.

And when the technical pause was declared she headed for the exit with a calm fly. But after her friends could not saw her the pegasus rushed down the halls and clenched her back hooves as much as she can. But in the middle of the way she suddenly felt she lost a trickle.

— No! — she shouted out and grabbed her crotch with the fore hooves. — No-no-no-no please do not leak! — the pressure ran out and Rainbow looked around. Fortunately no pony saw her in that desperation and she really did not ruined the floor. But actually she was closed to that.

She made it to the restrooms in a minute but disappointment awaited her again. There were at least two dozen ponies in line in front of her.

— What the hay! — she sweared for the whole line but no pony paid attention to her. — Why are you come all here at the same time!?

The line moved very slowly. No mare or stallion in front of Rainbow Dash was not looked as desperate as she did. They just talked with each other and waited for their turn with a calm expression.

But Rainbow did not try to ask one of them to let her go ahead. She just wait and resisted with a new spasms. And when just for ponies were in front of her the technical pause was over. The workers went to their jobs as like as they did not need to use the restroom at all. But Rainbow can not wait anymore. She needed to go really bad.

— What are you doing here? — the voice of Cherry Jubilee made her stop and repeated internally all pony swearing that she knew. — Please return to your workplace.

— Yeah ma'am! — she replied through clenched teeth and flied to her friends. Why was she in this situation again?! Why does this always happen to her?! Perhaps she really is cursed to suffer time after time when the universe throws her another challenge?! She did not know. Always that she knew was about to lost control on her overfull bladder.

She just did not know how she managed to hold it the next hour and a half. Her friends did not ask why she was so nervous just like they did not ask Twilight about it because she was also acting a little weird. They even managed to talk to AJ again and this time, thanks to Pinkie Pie, they got her to talk about everything tomorrow morning.

And when finally their workday was over Rainbow returned to the farm restrooms only to face another line. That time it was even more long that in previous time and the pegusus realized that she can not to wait her turn.

— Okay… I will try to get to the train station. It will be faster anyway. — she mumbled and left the line. Her way to the station was the one of the most difficult flight that she remember. The new spasm strucked her literally several times in a minute and she could not count how many leaks she had because of them. But it were just a little trickles.

Rainbow felt how her fur between the hooves became wet and how thin jets of the hot water flowing down gaskin. Her muscles had completely softened and just refused to work properly. She was really desperate.

— Just… hold… a little… more… Dash… you… will… make it! — Rainbow repeated to herself when tears came to her eyes. She was tried her best to be strong but now her body was going to defeat her.

BOUMG!

Rainbow banged her forehead against the closed door. It took her a second to realize the reality and gone to real panic.

— OCCUPIED?! NO-O-O-O-O! — her desperate cry was could be heard for miles around. There was someone in here. Again. She was actually cursed if that bloody hay was happened to her fourth time.

Her eyes ran quickly around. Now she COMPLETELY had no time to wait. Her body was no longer obeying her. It just demanded relief at any cost. Rainbow had exhausted the last of her strength and could not hold it anymore.

Her special flyer sight suggested her that is no any pony instead of one who was in the restroom and if she will turn the corner of the station building she will get privacy. Of course in any other situation she would never do it outside in the town.

— But it really is an emergency! Now I have no way! — she said internally and made the final push to get behind the building.

The pretty long stream came out of her and fell on the grass when she tried to sit down. But it was no problem because she was already there she going to get the desirable relief. She gently spread her back hooves and bared the place that always was hidden behind the fur. Luckily she has no pee shyness and that fact did not bother her at all.

And then she just let it go. She just stopped resisting and let nature do all the work for her. The powerful stream flowed almost forward because of the pressure force. The sound was so loud that it resembled the sound of a waterfall.

— O-OH HA-A-AY! — Rainbow felt both intense pain and absolute pleasure. Her bladder ached because of the long holding but this ache was not prevented her to be the most happy pony in the world.

— THAT IS SO-O-O-O GO-O-O-OD… — about two minutes later her stream was become weaker and she could open her eyes and saw on the results of her relief. And it was one of the largest puddle she ever seen in her life. And she knew all about the large puddles because she was the weather pegasus for the few years.

— Wow! It was so much… — she giggled when her stream was continued to ripple. It was great that ground and grass will absorb all of this in a few hours and her desperate act will leave no trace.

But then she heard the door slam. She did not even have time to do anything before she heard a familiar voice.

— Rainbow? What are you… — Twilight stood still as a stone. She took a few seconds to process what was happening when the stream of the stunned Rainbow was over. Then she abruptly closed her eyes and turned away. — I am not looking!

— T… T… Twilight?! — Rainbow's voice trembled. One of her best friend just saw her while she was peeing. And she also saw her crotch when it was not hidden by the fur. — Are you…

— I did not see anything! — the unicorn answered quickly. — Let is just forget about it!

After a few moments of awkward silence, Rainbow realized that there were no leaves or wide enough blades of grass around.

— Em… Twilight? Here is the thing… Can you get me a few pieces of TP… please?

— I do not… okay. Of course I can. — Twilight hesitated for a moment but then take the toilet roll and get it to Rainbow by her magic. Rainbow tore off a few pieces and dried herself.

— That is all. You can turn around. — she said when stand up. Twilight looked at her and Rainbow can see her face red with embarrassment. — So… What were you doing here?

— I was looking for a restroom but there was a huge queue at the farm and I decided to return to the train station. So what is about you?

— I just… I… — Rainbow was smiling absurdly. — The same story. But you still made it first.

— Now I see. — Twilight could not help but giggle when she saw the water spot which Rainbow made but then she pulled herself together and stopped smiling. — I am so sorry Rainbow! I really did not want that.

— That is okay Twi. It is not your fault. — Rainbow said and smiled.

They walked slowly towards the workers' dormitory where Cherry Jubilee had given them rooms for one night. It was already dark and the wind was getting cold.

— I am not judging you if anything. — Twilight continued as they walked through the cherry orchards. — If I were you in this situation I will maybe would have done the same.

— You? — Rainbow was surprised. — I bet you have never been in a situation like this.

— You lost the bet Rainbow. Because I have been.

The Pegasus's eyes widened.

— But I thought all the ponies in Canterlot were like that… such…

— Like what? — Twilight giggled. — So if you do not believe me I can tell you one of my story from the school times. In any other situation I would not tell anypony except the ones who already know. But because of this situation I found out your embarrassing secret and now you will find mine. I think it is will be fair.

Rainbow wanted to say no at first. But something stopped her. Maybe it was just curiosity or something else. Anyway she was going to listen carefully.

*002*2025-05-13 22:11

3. — It happened just a couple of years before they met. Twilight was still one of the young students of the Royal School for the Gifted Unicorns and showed great promise to her teacher – Princess Celestia. And there was only one pony who could compete with her in the title of the best student in the class. It was her best friend Moondancer. During all the tasks that required working in pairs they always chose each other. Not only because they were best friends but also because they always performed the task much better than others and they liked it.

And it was the same that time. Then Celestia said her student to make the magic star chart with all stellar objects they knew. Twilight and Moondancer agreed to meet the next day and dedicate it entirely to the task. They were determined to execute it perfectly and impress Celestia with their knowledge and magical prowess.

Twilight had been preparing for a long time that morning. She woke up earlier than usual and collected all the star atlases and astronomical books she had. After a quick breakfast she went to the Canterlot Palace Park where she and Moondancer agreed to meet. The second best student of the RSGU was already there and escorted Twilight to her tower. Each student had her own tower for temporary residence and this one was similar to the one where Twilight lived with the exception of the more night style decor and spectacular view from the mountain from the large window.

— So, where do we start? — Twilight asked when laying out her books and maps on the table. Moondancer used her magic to put another table next to it and lay out her own workpieces on it. Twilight smiled — it was brilliant when her project partner was so well prepared.

— First we will prepare the magic blank for the star chart and place the largest stars on it. Then we will make a detailed map of all the constellations on paper and only after checking we will transfer it to the layout. Each star will have to be enchanted separately if we want to achieve the exact movement of all celestial bodies.

Twilight nodded and they started to work. After the half an hour of the constant creation of magic to the blank it was finally ready. But Twilight needed a little rest as like as Moondancer.

— I can make some of that new tea which Minuette brought it back from a trip and gave to us. It will give us strength and we will be able to continue. — Moondancer suggested. Twilight readily agreed. That tea was really delicious and by that time she had already drunk all of her own and would like to try it again.

Moondancer brewed it and offered her friend some cakes from their favorite cafe which she specially bought for the occasion. And even during this break, they continued to take notes in their notes and talk only about the project. Twilight thanked Moondancer for the tea and they went back to work.

But just after a few minutes Twilight felt something wrong. And it was not about her horn this time. She remembered that she was in such a hurry not to miss anything this morning that completely forgot to use the bathroom. And now her bladder which had not been relieved for the ten hours started to make her really uncomfortable. And the three extra cups of tea she had just drunk did not help at all. Actually it could cause even more problems not only because of the water itself. Twilight remembered that Minuette's tea had a mild diuretic effect and when she drunk a lot of them last time she needed to find a bathroom twice as often as usual.

Twilight crossed her back hooves unnoticed and continued to work. Although she knew Moondancer perfectly well and trusted her, it was still too embarrassing to ask for permission to use her toilet. Twilight was not a little filly anymore. She was an adult mare and she could hold it until they will finish their work.

Or she convinced herself that she really could. But her bladder definitely had a different opinion on this. The need increasing at an incredible rate and risked turning into desperation very soon. The first spasm caught her off guard when she tried to use the magic on the North star. Twilight suddenly interrupted the spell and concentrate all her body strength to not wet herself. Fortunately the spasm was not strong and ended quickly. But then Twilight looked up and saw her friend looked at her in surprise.

— What is wrong? — she asked worriedly — It was your first failed spell for the half a year. Are you okay?

Twilight blushed. — I am… fine. Maybe just a little… tired. That is all. — she tried to not crossed her back hooves to make Moondancer not to guess what exactly is happening to her.

— But we worked just for a little over an hour. — Moondancer twisted her head in surprise. — But… if you need a break I can stop the work for the five minutes and give you some more tea.

— NO! — Twilight shouted when she heard about the tea and blushed even more when saw her startled friend staggered back. — I mean… I do not need a break. Let is just keep working.

Moondancer shrugged her shoulders and smiled. She knew that Twilight always worried about the school tasks a lot more than she should have. And she is used to it. Especially since they really should have continued the work. The half was already over but the most difficult and painstaking part remained.

And they started to arrange the stars and enchant them. And every spell was a torture for the Twilight's bladder which was hurting more and more over time. It was becoming increasingly difficult for her to concentrate on the work and not to distracted during the another spasm. But she still just stepped over with her hooves unnoticed to Moondancer and did not give away her problem. But she knew that it could not go on indefinitely. And when she will be really desperate and not be able to hold it anymore she will be forced to overcome her pride and asked her best friend to use her bathroom.

But so far she had everything under control.

— I checked all the atlases we had and did not find any more stars. — said Twilight when they work was completely finished. She thanked the heavens that she was able to hold it so long and now she can finally returned home.

— Me too. But I still think we might have missed something. — Moondancer replied and Twilight noticed that she blushed a little when she sat down and turned to face her.

— And what we will do now? — Twilight asked. No matter how bad she needed to go. The thought nagged at her. Is they really missed at least one star — Celestia will probably think thay are irresponsible lazy ponies and will not be credited with this important task. And if they failed this task — they can stay in school for the second year or just be excluded.

Twilight could not let that happen. She will definitely check everything again and, if necessary, she will continue to hold it to do the job as perfectly as possible.

— I think we need to look for the complete atlas in the Library before it closes. Are you with me? — Twilight nodded. It was a great idea. The friends carefully packed all their notes into their saddlebags and got ready to go. They only had a couple of hours before the Central City Library closed. So they had to hurry.

Quite a long walk in the cold evening made Twilight felt even worse. Her bladder was overflowed like never before and bulged strongly in the lower abdomen. All her attention was focused on controlling it. She knew that one short loss of this control will lead her to an accident right in front of her friend and potentially a huge number of other ponies. So she holded it and could hardly move my hooves until they reached the place.

It took them quite a bit of time to find the right department and the book they needed. It was the largest and most detailed atlas of the starry sky that the Kingdom had. Celestia herself recommended it to all the students in astronomy classes. This was exactly what they were looking for.

Twilight felt a little better when they finally stopped and began to compare the information from the atlas with their notes. But suddenly she was strucked by the new spasm. It was so strong that it caused her to panic. She literally doubled over and clenched her teeth tightly before it finally ended and stay her dry. But now it was really closed.

— Twilight, what is wrong? You feeling all right? — now her desperation was too obvious for Moondancer and she knew that It is useless to hide it from her any longer. But she never found the strength to say it first.

— N… nothing… I am okay… I really… You have no reason to worry.

Now Moondancer saw her back hooves and how she crossed them and how her croup shaked in a strange dance. She smiled and looked into her friend's eyes.

— You need to go the bathroom, do not you?

Twilight blushed.

— No… It is not what it seems… I just… — She finally gave up. — Yes. You are right. I really need to go.

Moondancer looked at her sympathetically.

— And how long were you hold it?

— Honestly It was since we had tea together. — Twilight repleted and lowered her head bashfully. Moondancer looked at her and smiled empathically.

— It is okay. If it make you feel better — I need to go too. This tea is really much more insidious than it might seem.

Twilight looked at her friend in surprise. In all those hours she had not noticed at all that she needed to go to the bathroom either. All this time her own despair seemed quite obvious to her. But maybe Moondancer did not notice him precisely because she has the same problem.

— But why did not you just go? — Twilight asked. And now Moondancer blushed again too.

— I was embarrassed when you were around.

— Just like me. — they giggled at the same time and crossed their back hooves harder.

— So, if we confessed to each other anyway, what is about to finally use the bathroom? — Moondancer asked and Twilight nodded.

They carefully folded their books and went out to the main hall. The old librarian Dusty Pages was standing behind the counter and noticed how they were approaching and her wrinkled face lit up with a smile.

— Oh, that are my favorite book borrowers! Do you need help to find something special girls?

— No thanks Dusty. We have already found everything we need. It just… — she looked at Twilight and realized that she was not ready to say it anyway. She took a deep breath and spoke softly. — Do you know where the bathroom here?

Only now did they realize that they had never used the bathroom in the library, although they had been here very often. Dusty sighed guiltily.

— I am sorry girls. But today the bathrooms in the building are not working.

Twilight barely managed not to panic. A cold sweat ran down her body.

— Oh… I understand. Thank you anyway Dusty… — Moondancer said and wandered back to the reading room. Twilight followed her.

— What are we going to do now? I really can not hold it anymore! — she said when another spasm made her stunned and clench her teeth against the pressure.

— The Library will close in twenty minutes. Now we only can to return the atlas and go home. — Moondancer repleted.

— But… what if we really missed something important and just did not get to the right page?! If we failed the task — Celestia will upset of us and we will never pass the exams and not graduate from school and then… — Twilight fell silent as another spasm strucked her again. Moondancer looked at her seriously.

— We still have time. We can double-check everything tomorrow.

— To… tomorrow? — She wanted to object, but growing desperation made her change her mind. After all, the idea of finishing work tomorrow was not such a bad one. — Okay. Let is just get this over with.

Both friends were really desperate when they finally left the Library. Twilight felt how a little trickles came out of her crotch and wet a fur that hiding it from other ponies. Now her little leak was practically safe but the next one promised to be serious.

Moondancer said goodbye to her and walked briskly towards her tower. It was already quite dark and the street was illuminated by only a few lanterns. However, there were many more in the park through which Twilight had to pass, and her desperation planned to be quite obvious to any rare passer-by. But she did not care. The most important thing was to make it at home.

She was in the middle of the road when she suddenly felt that she was really losing control. She stood and tried to handle it. But a long stream still broke the fur dam and wet her butt a little. She realized that she has no way except to do it right here. Even if she were to gallop towards her house right now, it would not have changed anything. She just did not have the strength to resist her body.

Panic took over her completely. She hardly knew what she was doing. All she cared about right now was finding at least some privacy. She stood motionless for only a few seconds until another spasm made her run in fear behind the nearest green fence.

The next thing she remembered was the feeling of release. Powerful flow broke out of her and only she can do is sit down and reduce the damage to her fur. For the five of ten seconds she did not felt anything at all. Only the increasing pain in the rapidly emptying bladder.

But when consciousness finally returned to her, she was terrified. She really WAS DOING IT in the middle of the Palace Park?! She was ready to die of shame right on the spot even though no pony saw her. But the next moment make the blood froze in her veins. She heard hoof sounds and saw an approaching light. The guards were heading her way.

If they saw her here, she would face a serious fine and a terrible disgrace for the rest of her life. The whole of Canterlot will laugh at her and naturally she won't be able to graduate from Celestia's school.

Startled, she gathered all her strength to stop the flow and rise, after which she cast a teleportation spell. She did not know where exactly, but the main thing was to get as far away from here as possible.

When she opened her eyes, it was dark. The last lanterns shone quite far away. She really escaped at the very last moment.

The magic drained the last of her strength, and before she could think, her bladder gave way again. This time it is final. All she could do was spread her hind hooves wider so as not to get them wet. The powerful waterfall splashed onto the grass beneath her for almost a minute before turning into small droplets. Finally, for the first time in almost a whole day, her bladder was empty.

Twilight took a deep breath and looked at her back. Fortunately her hooves were barely fine. But a lot of pee still was on her fur on the butt and gaskin, and everypony might have noticed it if he seen her from behind in the lamplight.

She could not believe it. She really wet herself in this age. The only thing that comforted was that nopony saw her shame and that she was not wearing any clothes and did not need to do any laundry. Only her fur and her pride were affected.

She walked slowly towards her tower, trying to avoid anypony's eyes. Fortunately, she successfully teleported very close and did not meet anyone on the way. And she was lucky that Spike was already fast asleep when she slipped into the tower and tiptoed into the bathroom.

Then she dried herself thoroughly and quickly rinsed in the shower to remove the unpleasant smell. And her greatest joy was that the books in her saddlebag were completely unscathed.

In general, this is exactly the story Twilight told Rainbow when they returned to the workers' dormitory in Dodge Junction. However, she never found out what happened to Moondancer after their parting.

And she was much luckier than Twilight. She had a strong spasms several times on the way and even leaked a little but still managed to get home before the real accident. And when she finally made it in the bathroom it was one of the best relief in her life.

*003*2025-06-22 22:13

Starlight Glimmer was coming back to the Friendship Castle after the busy morning in the Ponyville. She got up very early today to be on the Trixie's show in time. Since when they became friends she never missed a single one because some of the magic tricks demanded her participation as an assistant. And Starlight was happy to help. But today the show was more long than other times and she was forced to wait almost two hours before the part that Trixie called "Grand finale". Now she had to cast a spell unnoticed by other viewers and make the stunning trick possible. But now it was a little problem — she just can not to concentrate properly because she needed to pee. Even though she felt it from the very beginning of the show — it was not a large problem. But about twenty minutes ago she suddenly felt a pressure that all the drinks she had drunk pressing on her bladder. Her hind hooves clenched together and she tried to hold it.

— "It is okay Star. It is not a big deal. You just wait for the end of the show and go to the bathroom. You are an adult mare and can hold it." — She said to herself. But the next ten minutes the pressure was constantly rising and all her thoughts was only about her bladder. At last she decided to go to the bathroom right now before it will be her turn to become a part of the show. She apologized to the pony standing next to her and began to move towards the exit.

— And now the Great and Powerful Trixie presents you the Grand finale of her amazing show. Fill your eyes with admiration and turn them to the stage because now you see the fantastic magic that you have never seen before! — Starlight returned to her place. The relief was so close but now she need to concentrate all her mental forces to make this "fantastic magic" for her friend. And it would be a piece of cake for her if only she had not needed to go that bad. But she could not break her promise for Trixie and started preparing. Her horn shine by the purple light but nopony around see that because all eyes were glued to the scene. The magic filled her body and pressed to the bladder so hurt that she almost moaned in pain.

— Just... concentrate... just... one... simple... spell... — tears started in her eyes. Only ten seconds seemed almost endless to her before she was able to relax the horn. The sound effects confirmed that she had done well. Loud applause said that "Grand finale" was actually grand. The Starlight's hooves trembled as she regained full control of her bladder. She turned around worriedly to check that she had not accidentally ruined the floor during the spell making. But lucky she was still dry. And now she felt that she needed to go RIGHT NOW.

But when she come up to the bathroom behind the scene it was a large line in front of it. All the viewers left the hall at the same time and some of them of course needed to go too. And the line in front of the mare's room was was several times longer that the line in front of the stallion's room as always. After the five minutes only a third of the queue was behind.

— Oh, Starlight, you are here! — the unicorn heard a familiar voice and turned around. It was Trixie and she looks like happy and very proud of herself. — This show was magnificent, is not it? As like as me, Great and Powerful Trixie!

— I glad that you happy, Trixie, but can we talk about it later? I need to go... to the Twilight and have my... friendship lessons and do some other... friendship thing. — she blushed as apple when tried to hide her desperation from her friend. Trixie stopped smiling.

— Oh... Twilight? Of course... You need to return to your actually great and powerful alicorn teacher and learn the great and powerful magic to your great and powerful adventures. So, see you next time on my show... — She sounded offended and almost literally cried in the end. But Starlight was too concentrated on her emergency situation to noticed that. She know that waiting in the line will be a torture for the ten or more minutes and she actually can return to the Castle and used the bathroom then. — Before you gone, can you... — Trixie did not have time to finish her sentence when Starlight had already run away to the exit. She sighed and walked silently to the back of the line.

Starlight rushed into the castle and looked around. There was the only one bathroom in this large castle and she know how to find it from her room and know how to find her room from the enter. But it was really hard to find the bathroom when you stand next to the enter. She tried to remember all halls and turns when her bladder started to hurt more that earlier. And it did not help her at all. She was really about to wet herself and the crystal floor of the Friendship Castle. The adult mare who kept the whole town in fear and obedience before her power and manipulate the time and fate was one step away from having an accident like a little filly. No — she must be strong and said her body to endure it. She crossed her hooves and walked down the familiar corridor with a firm step.

And when she turned to the hall next to the library she suddenly faced to the Twilight. — Oh, hey Starlight. You are too early today. I was only expecting you for dinner. — She smiled and Starlight saw that her hind hooves was crossed too and trembling slightly. But then Twilight stopped smiling and looked at her student worriedly. — Are you okay? You look a little nervous. Is something wrong?

— No, everything is fine. I just... just... — She blushed again. — Do you know where is the bathroom here? I really need to go.

Twilight's face turn into the strange mix of the sympathy and apologize. — Now you can not to use it. Spike takes a bath and since he is a dragon, it is going to take some time.

— And... how many time? — Starlight felt how the ocean of water inside her tries to break out and how her hopes of getting relief crumble into dust. She was practically panicking.

— Maybe... a few hours. — Twilight said with apologized smile and Starlight could not even respond from the shock of realizing those words. A few hours. A FEW HOURS. She really did not know that she can hold if for a few minutes. — How bad you need to go? — Twilight asked.

— Really bad. I holded it since the morning and even forgot to use the bathroom when I woke up. I know it was my fault but... What should I do now? I do not know how much longer can I hold it. I am about to burst.

— Calm down Starlight. You can find a way out of any situation. To be honest — I need to do too and I was just going to look for the bathroom in Ponyville. And we can do it together if you want it. I mean... find for the bathroom, of course... — Twilight giggled and blushed. When Starlight looked at her — she looks like she needed to pee not much less than her. But even now she managed not to panic.

— You mean... ask for one of your friends to use her bathroom? — Starlight asked. She always think that it was too embarrassing to even think about it. Even in her town of the full equality where the concept of privacy existed only on paper pony tried to used only the bathrooms in houses where they lived. Twilight smiled.

— Maybe that. Or we can just use one of the public bathroom.

They left the Friendship Castle as fast as they can and go to the Ponyville. The bladder pain did not let Starlight go fast and she saw that Twilight has the same problem. Their steps were awkward and each one was accompanied by severe pain. Suddenly Starlight felt the strong spasm and stopped.

— "No... nonononon... Just not now! Not in front of the all Ponyville and Twilight... Just... hold it... A little... longer... please..." — she begged to herself and finally spasm was ended. And she was still dry. But the next one will actually make her wet herself. So they need to hurry before that will happen.

The bathroom was only a two hundred meters away from the castle. And when they reached the it was nopony around. But the door was locked. Somepony was in there. Now they have to wait. But they know they could hold it for a minute of two and finally relieve themselves. Just a few minute and that torture will finale end.

— Hold it... Hold it... Hold it... — suddenly they heard a voice behind them. And that voice sounds familiar. — Oh... Hey Starlight... What are you... Doing here?

— Trixie?! — Twilight asked with angrily.

— Oh, just do not start again. — Starlight added when two other unicorns started to baring their teeth at each other. — Trixie, why are you there? I think you will gathering my props.

— I was going to do it. But after the literally four hours of the most amazing show in Equestria Great and Powerful Trixie need to go to the bathroom and since you ran away before Trixie could ask you to give up your place, she had to go to the very end of that long line. And she waited there until she could not wait anymore and came here. And now please-please-please can you let her go first! Great and Powerful Trixie is really about to burst!

Starlight looked at her friend. She looked like she was about to have an accident and her big pleading eyes was full of tears of despair. But Starlight was at the same position too and just can not wait any longer. — I am sorry Trixie. But I really need to go too. I will try to make it faster so you don't have to wait too long. And I hope Twilight does too. Twilight?

She looked at the alicorn and saw her moaning and writhing in pain. Maybe Twilight was strucked by the spasm and concentrated all her forces to prevent the leak. But after the one second Starlight and Trixie saw how the small trickle come out her and fall to the floor. Twilight become red as a hot pepper when she understood that she loses control.

— T... tu... turn... around... please... I... can not... hold it... anymore... — She cried and pressed herself helplessly against the closed door. She know that it was the end. But suddenly she heard the flushing sound and the door opened. Rainbow Dash burst out of the cubicle and flew past the three ponies so fast that she did not even notice them.

— Damn cider! Why it make me need to pee always in most wrong time! If I am late Spitfire will send me to clean the barracks for all week! — she muttered when soaring into the air. Twilight rushed into the cubicle and locked the door. Starlight covered her ears by the front hooves to not heard her teacher's waterfall. But it did not help. She felt that she is about to wet herself right now.

— The Great and Powerful Trixie can not anymore! She will go outside! And recommend that you do the same! — Trixie said and run away. Starlight felt that she does not have any other choice anyway. She will do that behind the building or right here in just a few seconds. She resisted the thought as much as she could, but she followed Trixie anyway. Although I was going to run in the other direction. Her thoughts were completely confused and she hardly knew what was going on. Only she understood that she started to pee and could not stop it anymore. She heard a loud gurgling of water nearby, but it was not her. But this sound was the last strike that made her lost complete control. Before she could sit down, enough pee had already leaked out of her.

It took her a few seconds to come to her senses. And then she turned her head and saw that Trixie sitted literally next to her and her face was full of the pleasure. Starlight felt her floodgates close instantly. Her bladder was still hurt and full of pee but she just can to relieve it when her friend was so close to her.

The one seconds later Trixie saw her friend too and her flow stopped as fast as Starlight's. The friends looked at each other and did not know what to say. But suddenly Trixie smiled maliciously.

— It is always better together... Is not it? — she said and winked coquettishly. Starlight was completely taken aback. She tried to squeeze her hooves to hide her crotch from Trixie. And Trixie do the same when found that Starlight can see everything. Both mares blushed deeply and immediately giggled.

— I do not know what came over me. It was not intentional. Honestly.

— So... If we have already seen it all anyway, how about we finish it together as well? — Trixie's face become a little coquettishly again.

— But... I think I can not when you can see me.

— Oh, so you have a pee shy?

— No, I just... yes. But... I think that Great and Powerful Trixie has a pee shy too. Is not you?

— Of course she is not! She is just... just... okay you are win! We are both have a pee shy and one of us will have to leave so that the other can finish.

— Or we can just turn away.

— No! — Trixie said and blushed. — I mean... I can not do it anyway when you can hear me and when I know that you are still here. If only... — She smiled. — Great and Powerful Trixie promises to try it if you try it with her too.

— Ehm... okay! — Starlight replied and they tried to continue to pee but thier bladders just refused to work. A few seconds they looked into each other's eyes in the hope that their mutual trust would help them overcome their shyness. And finally they hear the sound of waterfalls and felt the complete relief.

They stand up and looked to the big spot they are made on the ground. It was so large that they could not help but giggle.

— Did we really keep so much water inside us? — Starlight said and smiled to the Trixie. They were about to leave when they suddenly heard a soft cry behind them. It was coming from the building. From the cubicle. Starlight went back inside and knocked on the door several times. Trixie went to get her.

— Twilight? Are you... are you okay in there? — There was no answer. — If something wrong I will help you! Or would it be better if I left?

The latch cracked and the door opened. Twilight was standing next to the toilet and it was a lot of water on the floor on the way from the door. And Starlight immediately realized that it was not water.

— Did you... maked it in time?

— No... — Twilight cried. — I was so close but... I literally can not controlled it. When I finally reach the toilet it was too late. I... I will understand if you think I am an unworthy teacher after that.

— What are you talking about? Of course I am not! It was just an accident and it will not change my attitude towards you. You showed me what true friendship means and gave me a second life. I will never forget it.

— Now you understand what it means to be poniliated, purple horn!

— Trixie! — Starlight said strictly. — I know what is going on with you and Twilight... a special relationship. But the revenge is not an option. Do you promise you will not tell anyone about this?

Trixie looked from Twilight to Starlight. On the one hand, part of her would like to see her longtime rival humiliated in front of all of Equestria, and now was the perfect opportunity to take revenge. But on the other hand, she knew that Starlight was right. She did not have any friends before and considered herself the center of the universe. But now there was another pony that she treasured and who would never forgive her if she acted like an egotist. Finally, she nodded.

— The Great and Powerful Trixie promise that it is just between us.

Starlight smiled. Twilight stopped crying.

— But... How I will return to the Castle? Somepony could to see me... like that. — She asked Starlight and she has no answer.

— The Great and Powerful Trixie can use one of her amazing tricks and teleport you right into your crystal castle. Unless you think my magic is too primitive for your Canterlot wet croup!

— Trixie!

— Sorry. It came out on its own. But I really can help. If you trust me.

— Twilight?

Now the Twilight looked for two unicorns and thought. She could hardly trust a pony who had once tried to take over Equestria and secretly dreamed of taking revenge on her. But she had no choice. If Trixie makes a mistake or deliberately does everything wrong, she will definitely embarrassed herself for the whole town. But in the other case, it will happen anyway.

— Do it Trixie! I believe you. This time. I hope I will not regret it.

— The Great and Powerful Trixie will not let you down, purple horn! — Trixie lit her horn and used a spell. Twilight had disappeared into a cloud of pink mist, and now there was no one inside the booth. — Now you see her, now you do not! The Great and Powerful Trixie is at your service.

— Are you sure she is okay?

— You can go back to the castle and make sure of that. And if you will excuse the Great and Powerful Trixie, she need to get back to her Caravan and prepare for the next performance.

Starlight used her magic to clean up the bathroom and then returned to the castle. Trixie was not lying, and Twilight actually teleported back to her room without any consequences. Now, only two other ponies knew about her accident today. And she still considered one of them a rival. But now she was beginning to doubt it. Trixie could have easily framed her with that spell, but she did not. But why? Has her friendship with Starlight really become more precious to her than their long-standing feud? If somepony told her, she would never have believed it. But now she had proof. In any case, she and Starlight will talk about it again.

