A night to remember

Author: Midd

*000*2023-10-03 08:27

Rosie slammed her empty glass back on the table to the cheers of her two friends seated around her, they had dared her to down her last cocktail, something which the fiery redhead could not back down from. As she felt the alcohol slip down her throat, she gave a quick glance around at her two companions. Hollie, a slim brunette was still sipping at her drink, twirling a lock of hair with her other hand. While Jen, a blonde, was shifting around in her seat, seemingly trying to get a better look at the rest of the bar they were in.

Rosie felt the liquid she had just drank travel down to join the rest she had already consumed in her bladder, she felt very full and had been needing to pee for a while, but had been putting it off as they moved from bar to bar, as she was having too much fun and didn’t want to break the seal. However, at this point she was forced to cross her legs and realised she wouldn’t be able to put off visiting the bathroom much longer.

“Hey, I’m gonna go get us some more drinks!”

Jen said, hopping up out of their booth and setting off towards the bar without so much as a backwards glance, tugging down her tight sapphire dress which barely hid her ass.

“Wait Jen- “

Rosie started, before realising the futility of her shouting. She glanced over at Hollie who was smiling sympathetically at her.

“Are you not enjoying that?”

Rosie asked, motioning towards Hollie’s drink.

“I am, but I also really need a wee, so I don’t want to burst in my seat.”

Hollie said, grimacing and shifting around, causing her pink dress to ride up and expose her pink thong to Rosie.

The mentioning of needing to wee made Rosie’s bladder pulse too, and she squirmed slightly in her own seat.

“Yeah, me too it’s like I have a bowling ball in my stomach, I guess that’s what happens when you have been drinking for 4 hours with no bathroom break! we can go once we finish this round I guess.”

Rosie said, more as a promise to herself than anything, as Hollie nodded in agreement.

It was at this point that Jen came back with a small tray of drinks, crossing her legs and jiggling as she stood to unload them.

“Jen, do you need to pee?”

Hollie asked teasingly.

“A little bit I’m not going in a dirty bar toilet!”

Jen said, placing a glass in front of each girl.

“The barman said we have to down these in one go for them to taste nice, so cheers!”

Jen proclaimed, raising her glass. Hollie and Rosie echoed her statements, but more ruefully as they would be adding to their already full bladders.

As Rosie necked her own drink back, she realised she truly was bursting for the toilet.

“Well, I definitely need to pee, and I am about to burst so I’m gonna head to the loos really quick!”

Rosie said standing up.

“Me too, I’m feeling pregnant here!”

Hollie joked, standing up with her friend, gulping down the last of her drink as she did so.

“Well, I’m coming with, but I’m not gonna pee till we get back home!”

Jen declared, joining the girls as they walked out of the main area of the bar.

The side corridor where the toilets were located were a lot quieter without any music pounding, however the girls were more focused on the line coming out of the women’s toilets.

“Fuck”

Rosie muttered, as the three girls joined the back of the queue.

“Definitely!”

Added Hollie, as she started squirming in place.

Five minutes later and the girls had just made it to the doorway of the toilets. Rosie was seriously struggling by this point; she was having to constantly shift her weight about to help her hold her bladder. While Hollie was doing the same, resting a hand on the front of her pink dress in the vain attempt to hold herself. Jen was also getting more desperate, as she was also squirming around, though she was doing her best to play it down.

“What’s taking so long? I’m gonna wet my knickers in a minute!”

Complained Hollie.

“I feel you babe, my thong is getting damp here!”

Added the girl in front of the trio. Rosie’s eyes widened as she realised the girl had hiked up the skirt of her short red dress so that she could hold herself openly. The girl moved her hand to show a pink thong, the crotch of which was stained a darker colour from where she had clearly leaked.

“I was making out with some boy and left it too long it seems. Apparently, there are only three stalls, one girl is throwing up in one, while another girl ate something bad and can’t get off the toilet, so that leaves just one stall for us all to piss into!”

She added.

“Well, they better hurry up in there otherwise they will need a mop!”

Rosie moaned as she felt a wave of desperation wash over her.

A few agonising minutes later and relief was in sight for the girls, the girl in the red dress was next in line whimpering in desperation, followed by Hollie, the clearly most desperate of the trio. Rosie was extremely desperate by this point, merely hoping to make it with dry panties.

‘What a day to wear a white thong?’

She thought to herself.

Jen was clearly desperate to pee too, but was still adamant she could hold it, despite the fact she was fully squirming at this point.

The toilet door clicked open and the girl in the red dress gasped and started making her way forward.

“Thank god I’m pissing myself here!”

She cried as she moved towards the open door.

However no sooner had she taken two steps than another girl had stormed into the bathroom and slammed her into one of the occupied stalls.

“The fuck you think you’re doing kissing my boyfriend!?”

The girl in the red dress stumbled backwards, her hands held out in front of her to ward off the angry girl.

“I-I didn’t know he was seeing anyone, please can we talk about this in a minute, because I’m seriously about to- oh no please!”

She stopped backing away and looked down as a stream of pee started pouring it from between her legs. Her pink panties which were still visible from when she was holding herself, were saturated instantly as liquid poured out of her.

The girl who had shoved her paused for a second in shock, then barrelled into the girl, shoving her into the toilet screaming.

“I’ll kill you!”

The trio of girls stood there, dumbfounded, and desperate. Hollie had hiked up her skirt and was holding herself and squirming. While Rosie was doing a full-on potty dance, her emerald, green dress having risen up to expose her white thong. Even Jen who had tried to hide it had failed and she too was squirming with desperation. The sound of the poor girl’s bladder emptying itself onto the tiled floor caused Rosie’s bladder to lose a few drops, dampening her thong in the process, staining the crotch yellow. Hollie also let out a gasp and froze, so it was easy to infer she had done the same.

At this point, the two fighting girls had shoved their way into the last remaining cubicle, leaving the trio and the other girls who had joined the queue behind them squirming around.

The girls only had a few seconds to wonder about what they should do before a burly bouncer shoved his way into the toilets, past the queue of girls complaining about his presence.

“Alright girls break it up! And everyone else out!”

He said, gesturing to the squirming trio still waiting.

“But we have to pee!”

Rosie cried, her hand holding herself tightly.

“Don’t care, go use the other toilets down the hall.”

The bouncer replied, pointing to the door as he turned to break up the two cat fighting women.

More bouncers swarmed in at this point and the girls were forced outside the toilets where they stood squirming. Hollie let out a low groan before starting off down the hall, with Rosie following her.

As they reached the other women’s toilets they were greeted with an ‘out of order’ sign hanging on the door, with a girl in a tight blue dress banging on the door, as a puddle formed underneath her from her burst bladder.

“No please! I can’t hold it!”

The poor girl sobbed as she wet herself.

“I need to get out of here or I’m gonna explode!”

Hollie said, blushing furiously as she squirmed in public, groups of boys staring at her they walked past.

“Me too, let’s just get home and we can pee there.”

Rosie suggested, removing her hand from her crotch, equally embarrassed.

“Let’s just get out of here already!”

Jen shouted, already heading for the door.

Once the three girls made their way outside, they shivered from the sudden drop in temperature, before having to stop and regain a semblance of control from the effects of the cold on their bladders.

“I’m gonna get us an Uber, I can’t be arsed to walk all the way back.”

Jen said, tapping away on her phone with her legs crossed.

Hollie was still holding herself and bobbing up and down, her head frantically looking from side to side as she whimpered from the effort of holding in her bladder.

Rosie was also bursting to go, feeling her thong dampen as a second spurt escaped her tied bladder, she wanted nothing more than to get home and sit on a toilet as her bladder exploded out of her.

“Guys I really can’t hold it I’m gonna have to go in that alley...”

Hollie said, pointing with a shaking hand as she stumbled towards an alleyway, her other hand still buried in her crotch.

“Hollie no, the Uber will be here in like a sec!”

Jen protested but Hollie was too desperate to care.

Rosie followed behind her, reasoning if her friend was going to pee, she might as well also get relief. However, as she entered the alleyway she froze.

Hollie was ahead of her hiking up her tight dress, briefly exposing her pink thong, which was damp with her pee as her bladder slowly gave up on her. However, she quickly pulled her dress back down and stopped holding herself as she saw the policewoman facing away from her further in the alley.

The lone policewoman had cornered two girls who appeared to have had the same idea as Hollie, both brunettes, one in a yellow dress and one in black, they had both clearly been interrupted peeing with small puddles underneath them, and both were squirming in place as the policewoman lectured them.

“Please officer, the club wouldn’t let us in, and we really can’t wait any longer, it’s coming out in my panties!”

The girl in the yellow dress begged, but the officer was having none of it.

“Urinating in public is unacceptable for girls your age, you are next to a club they surely do have toilet- “

The policewoman was cut off as the girl in the yellow dress let out a low moan before forcefully wetting herself, a veritable flood pouring out from between her legs.

The girl in the black dress desperately tried to hold on, averting her eyes and biting her lip as she squirmed, but the sound of piss splattering next to her was too much and she sank into a crouch as she wet herself through her dress.

The policewoman took a step back to avoid the growing puddles, crossing her legs and bending slightly before berating the girls for their lack of control. However, Rosie and Hollie were frantically back-pedalling away from the sounds of running water towards Jen who was now talking to their Uber driver through the window.

Hollie suddenly paused mid stride and frantically glanced down, and Rosie noticed several streams of urine running down her friend’s legs before she tightly crossed them and held herself tightly. Rosie felt her own crotch dampen again at the sight and also held herself as they finally clambered into the back of the car.

“Come on girls, only 10 minutes till we’re home!”

Jen encouraged, referring to the flat they all house shared together; however, she sported a worried expression, and a hand was now buried up her own dress now they were in relative privacy.

Hollie was lost in her own private battle, slowly rocking back and forth, both hands buried in her crotch, while Rosie still only had a single hand, but also couldn’t sit still in the back of the Uber. Hoping to avoid a complete accident.

As the Uber went over a particularly bumpy patch of road. Both Jen and Rosie winced and held on tight, barely containing their bursting bladders, while Hollie merely whimpered, before tugging up her skirt slowly and gingerly.

“Hollie what are you doing?”

Jen asked worriedly, as Hollie had completely exposed her soaked pink thong by this point. Hollie looked at her with a lost expression on her face.

“I’m trying so hard to hold the rest in, but my thong is ruined, and the wetness is making me leak.”

She explained sadly as she slid her sodden underwear down her thighs and onto the floor of the cab. Briefly exposing her shaven womanhood before she recovered it with both her skirt and hands.

Jen just nodded and kicked the sodden garment to the side. Going back to her own private battle.

Five torturous minutes later, the Uber pulled up outside the three girl’s apartment complex. Mercifully, no further leaks had escaped any of the girls, but Rosie knew that time was seriously running out for her, and Hollie was even more desperate than her.

The three girls piled out of the car, pausing to regain control of their bladders, Hollie, and Rosie not quite succeeding, with a big spurt soaking through Rosie’s thong and dribbling down her thigh, while a small stream ran down Hollie’s left leg.

Jen was dancing around urgently as she paid the driver, one hand firmly buried up her skirt.

“Jen please hurry I really can’t hold it much longer!”

Rosie cried as she felt another dribble escape her.

“Sorry I’m coming!”

Jen said, digging into her purse for her keys.

“Jen, I’m telling you know I’m 2 minutes away from making the Niagara Falls here please hurry up!”

Hollie begged, shaking from desperation.

Jen finally found out her keys and shakingly slammed them into the lock, before hurryingly opening the door to the lobby.

Hollie pushed past her, hammering on the lift button as she hopped from foot to foot.

Rosie coming up behind her could see another stream of pee snaking it down her leg, Rosie really worried about her friend’s ability to hold it till they made it home, however she suddenly realised she was in serious danger of an accident too as another spurt soaked through her thong, and dribbling onto her thighs.

Rosie was snapped out of her haze of worry with the ding of the lift arriving, with both Hollie and Jen rushing in clutching themselves as they squirmed around in the lift.

Rosie hobbled in and pushed the button for their floor, before whimpering as she felt another leak escape.

“Guys I really can’t hold it any longer…”

She started.

“Me neither babe, I’m weeing myself here, I am deffo going first when we get in!”

Hollie said, bobbing in place, her skirt hiked up, showing off her bare ass to better hold herself.

“Fuck going first, I’m going in the shower!”

Rosie laughed, hiking up her skirt as she spoke.

“I guess that means I get the sink!”

Joked Jen, who truly looked bursting by this point, her hand also buried up her skirt.

Rosie decided that her thong was absolutely soaked through and ruined by this point, remembering Hollie earlier, she too slipped it down her legs to the concerned looks of her friends.

The cool air on her bare privates felt extremely shocking, and a small dribble of urine escaped before Rosie quickly grasped her bare pussy for all it was worth. She had never felt this full before, she guessed it must be the effect the alcohol was having on her bladder, even when she had wet herself in her first year of university, she hadn’t felt this full.

Rosie winced at the thought of wetting herself, considering how close she was to repeating the action. Despite how many times she had leaked, she somehow felt fuller of pee than ever, God she needed to pee so badly.

The lift door pinged open and the three bursting girls hobbled out down the hallway towards their apartment, as they arrived, if any of them could think of anything other than their bursting bladders, they might have noticed the door was slightly ajar, as it stands the three girls barrelled through the door and down the hallway, not pausing to take off their shoes, only to be stopped at the entrance to their lounge, there was a masked figure waiting there.

The three girls froze, their struggles forgotten for the moment as the figure, surprised to see them, quickly stands up from loading DVDs into a bag and fumbling, draws a knife, causing the trio to meekly raise their hands.

“Not a word!”

The figure said.

“You weren’t supposed to be home for hours, I’m gonna tie you up, finish and go. I don’t want to hurt you.”

The figure said, reaching into a nearby bag and producing rope.

The girls didn’t put up a fight, their flat was insured so it wasn’t worth it, as they were led into Rosie’s bedroom and tied to the foot of the bed with their hands above their heads, the reality of their situation sunk in, and other more pressing needs returned.

Namely the unbearable urge to pee, which was impossible as they had just been tied up.

“Hey, we all really need to pee actually, can you let us use the toilet?”

Hollie asked meekly, starting to squirm already.

“I’ve literally just tied you up, so no, sorry you’ll have to wait until someone unties you after I’m gone!”

The burglar answered, before shutting the door.

The three girls immediately started to struggle against their restraints, a grip of fear quickly sliding down to their bladders, the way their hands were tied constricted their movements, stopping them from turning around, leaving only their legs free which were pretzeled in order to try and prevent any of their bladders from bursting.

“Oh god what do we do, I’m literally a minute away from forming a puddle here!”

Rosie moaned, tightly crossing her legs, and pressing her heels into her crotch in a vain attempt to help her hold on.

Jen nodded,

“I’m really not able to hold it any longer, my panties are getting soaked!”

@@her legs shaking as she bit her lower lip in worry.

Hollie just groaned, her legs tensed, and a small splatter could be heard before Hollie slammed her legs together and squirmed like mad.

“I can’t hold it guys, I really can’t, I need to pee now!”

“I know Hollie I know, but we just need to hold on a bit longer.”

Rosie said, half talking to herself.

With no option left for relief but begging, Rosie looked longingly at the door before yelling.

“Please we really need the toilet! We can’t wait anymore!”

Both Hollie and Jen joined in begging but when they paused to listen for a response, but the only sound they heard instead was a wet splatter as Rosie suddenly let out a big spurt, soaking her heels which were pressed into her crotch, before she desperately squirmed like mad, as a second spurt quickly joined it. By now a small puddle was forming underneath her and soaking the back of her tight dress, her bare crotch cooling in the air.

Hollie was in a similar predicament, except her puddle was larger and being added to every few seconds as little crippled escaped from her tired lips, she knew she had no more than a few minutes until the trickle turned into a flood.

Jen meanwhile was getting really uncomfortable. Her blue thong was now black, having been thoroughly soaked through from all her leaks, with streams running down her legs to her ass, also forming a puddle. However, the real problem is the fact her thong was warm against her crotch with her pee, that along with the dampness was making it impossible for her to keep holding it in, and the leaks were becoming increasingly frequent.

Hollie moaned as more of her pee splattered onto the floor, her spurts getting longer, she was shaking at this point from head to toe from holding back the flood she knew was coming.

However, it was Jen’s dam which burst first. With a whimpered cry of,

“No, no, no!”

Spurts began to trickle out of Jen’s tired crotch, bursting through her ruined thong to splatter on the floor, with a last desperate plea of,

“Please untie me in setting myself!”

Jen’s poor bladder gave up and her pent-up waters poured out of her in a sudden gush. Jen moaned loudly as she lost control, her puddle rapidly dampening the bare cheeks of her two friends, even as their own leaks and spurts added to the puddle.

As Jen sagged back against the bed, a few final spurts dribbling out of her, her two bursting friends looked on with equal parts worry and envy, both were frantically squirming now, with spurts coming fast and frequently. Desperately trying to hang onto their bladders in the vain hope that their captor would untie them long enough for them to make it to the bathroom, however it was not to be.

Hollie’s aching bladder was the next to give out. Having already had a brief taste of relief and leaking constantly for the past hour, her bladder couldn’t wait any longer and a waterfall began to stream out between her bare legs. Hollie whimpered and sobbed with relief as her bloated bladder poured onto the floor for over two minutes, the splattering sound echoing in the closed room.

Rosie was rocking back and forth, barely containing the flood inside of her. Her thighs and ass were damp with both her and her friend’s piss, and the sound of her friends setting themselves was utter torture. As another dribble leaked out from between her lips and onto the floor, she turned to the door one last time and cried out.

“Please I’m begging you we are wetting ourselves in here, please I can’t wait anymore!”

With that she turned her head away from the door once more, tugging futilely at her restraints.

Rosie then made the fatal mistake of glancing down at Hollie’s crotch, where a stream of pee was still trickling out from her quivering pussy. The sight of her friend receiving her much-needed relief was too much for Rosie to bear, and she too finally lost the battle with her bladder.

With a low moan of barely disguised pleasure, a thick stream of pee burst out from between Rosie’s legs and splattered into the puddle covering the floor, Rosie sagged back as her pent-up pee burst out of her. Rosie shuddered as feelings of relief washed over her, her tortured bladder still aching from the effort of holding in so much pee, even as it emptied.

After over a minute Rosie’s stream tapered off and died, leaving the three girls in silence, surrounded by their own pee, occasionally being added to when one of the girls’-tired bladders gave out a final spurt. All three were too tired move, so exhausted from holding back the oceans inside themselves, the three were content to sit in the puddle of their own making and wait to be untied, wondering how long it would be until they could strip off and throw themselves into a hot shower.

This would certainly be, a night to remember.

