Battle of the Bladders

Author: Markj9494

*000*2020-07-04 12:36

Stood in the kitchen Sam poured herself A large cup of coffee, hoping it would keep her alert. Plus, over the last couple of nights sleep had not come easily, finding herself tossing and turning quietly in her bed. The giant orb of liquid sticking out of her was making finding a comfortable position almost impossible. Filling another glass for Angela she carried it over to the other nurse, currently sitting in a chair reading. Her lips tightly pursed as she sat rigidly with her legs pressed tightly together. Sam was sure it was a sign of how desperate her opponent had come, but she knew she would deny it if she asked.

“Here, I wanted a coffee so I brought you one as well. Unless that’s an issue?”

“Why would there be an issue?” Angela said, slightly surprised by Sam’s sudden appearance

“You’re looking a bit full.” Sam said, pointing at Angela’s bladder.

Now stood next to each other it was possible for the others in the room to see the true extent of their bladders. While both women had drunk the same amount, it seemed their differences in stature had created vastly different bladder shapes. As the taller of the two, Angela’s bladder looked more like a large beer belly. The rotund shape bulging out of her lower stomach several inches, pressing over the hem of her underwear, their Jeans discarded some time ago as they failed to fit around their large bladders.

Angela’s watermelon sized growth defying gravity as it hung there, her skin almost white as it was stretched as far as it could. Meanwhile Sam’s shorter physique seemed to have created more of an all over wide bulge, a horizontal tyre like mass pushing its way out of her stomach. Unlike Angela, it looked as if her entire torso was trying to push itself out of her skin. The massive bulge starting just below her large breasts and pushing out of her centre, before curving down and almost looking normal by the time it reached her crotch. But unlike Angela it had the added effect of stretching Sam sideways, her straight sides now also bulging outwards as the pressure inside her seemed to push in all directions at once.

“You can talk, don’t pretend like you haven’t been tossing and turning all night. I’ve heard your bed.” Angela shot back.

“So you have been up all night too then” Sam retorted, trying not to act surprised by Angela’s comment and deflecting it back at her.

“Yeah well…the beds are not comfortable are they”

“No, they’re a bit harder than im use too.” Sam conceded.

”Sure its not your bladder” Angela said, clearly accusing her of lying.

“My bladder is fine, you’re the one im having to make drinks for.”

“Im just taking it easy on you, I didn’t want to break you by making you drink too much. Although im sure you will disgrace yourself and your hospital soon.”

“You think you’re so strong, but you don’t even know the meaning of an iron bladder!” Sam spat back, not being able to remember the last time someone had talked to her this way. Let alone someone with such a small bladder!

“Oh yeah, I bet you I win this contest easily”

“In your dreams, im going to win this without any sweat”

“You sure about that, I can see the clamminess of your skin already.” It was true, Sam’s skin had gotten a little shiny, the exertion making her sweat just slightly.

“Its from the heat of the kettle!” Sam angrily retorted. “You know what, you talk a big game but lets see how you feel after another crate of beers. In fact, why don’t we put a bet on it. Whoever loses pays the winning groups bar tab for the next month”

“Deal, and you’re on. My bladder can deal with anything I need it to in order to show you up. Which wont be much” she added.

While it may only have been 10am both women grabbed another crate of beers, walking back to the kitchen table they picked up the bottle opener and began to drink. The others gathering around to watch another intense drink off by their team mates, who already looked fit to burst out of their skin. Despite the bravado of their confrontation, the beers were drunk nowhere near as quickly as they had been at the start of the contest. Each one making the two fierce competitors feel even more bloated as the large volume of gaseous alcohol they were drinking began to affect them. Stifling burps the pair felt their skin creak under the weight of their bladders, with each extra bottle the need to pee seemed to increase exponentially. But still, they uncapped the next one and kept drinking. By 12 o’clock 8 bottles had been consumed each, the liquid racing its way through their systems to join the ocean of pee waiting in their bladder, which somehow looked even larger now.

“Ok guys next pee time” Joe said excitedly. Everyone in the room could sense the shift in the mood, they were getting close to crowning a winner. Despite the best efforts of the contenders it was clear to everyone that both women were desperate to pee, even if they refused to admit it. The groups watched as their two confident champions stood slightly gingerly from the kitchen table and walked towards the centre of the room, their bladders now so large it was impossible for either woman to stand up straight. The weight of the liquid straining their backs and forcing them to bend into a more comfortable position. Dropping into a squat Sam let out a hiss of air, the movement once again separating her clenched muscles. Contractions in her muscles ripped through her lower body, but she managed not to groan out loud at least.

“Having some trouble there Sam? Why not give in and just pee like we all know you are going too” chided Tilly. The usually quiet woman sticking a knife directly into Sam’s back or more accurately her bladder.

“Yeah well, I’d like to see Angela squat. She hasn’t even tried to, she is clearly scared she wont be able too.” Megan said, defending Sam who was fighting yet another pulse from her bladder.

“Ughhh” Angela exhaled loudly as she joined Sam squatting on the floor of the cabin. Her bladder similarly resting uneasily in her new position.

“See, Angela is going to lose it first” Valerie commented on the show of desperation.

“No she is not, she is going to win this thing!” Vicky shouted back, clearly angered by the suggestion her champion was weakening.

“St. Mary’s are the true bladder queens, there is just no way you can win this”

“St. Cuthberts don’t even know how to feel desperate, out bladders are bottomless!”

The heated debate was interrupted by the large clock beginning to chime, it was mid-day and time for the next pee.

“Alright, on 3….Pee in 1…2…3”

“Ohhh” Sam groaned in relief, a fierce jet of piss bursting from her.

Next to her Angela let out another deep exhale as she let her bladder relax for a moment.

Yet as the two streams started and the sound of piss hitting the floor beneath them filled their ears, they could both tell something was different this time. Their bladders were now so full It didn’t even feel like they were peeing. Despite the evidence of their powerful sprays that were making their skin ripple between their legs, it meant nothing to their need to pee. It almost felt as if it was going in reverse, their bladders now screaming for release, pulsing inside them as the vast amount of pee in their bladders demanded to be let out and not stopped this time.

“3…2…1…Stop!”

“Oh fuck” Angela winced, her hand going between her legs to help her stop the flow. “Arrrrrh” Sam groaned, her legs pushing together as a final spurt dribbled out between her tensing thighs. It had been close but both women had just about stopped their bladders from emptying although at some cost. Their faces both screwed up in agony, red and starting to sweat as the burning in their crotches intensified. After more than a week of this, their muscles were clearly starting to tire, combined with the amount they had drunk it was only going to end one way. Yet, both of these iron bladdered queens had indeed stopped the flow.

“See, I told you Angela was going to win” Julie said confidently.

“Sam clearly has more control; she can last for days long if she needs too.” Valerie said as the two women tried to untangle themselves form their bladders.

The last sentence hung in the air, the suggestion of prolonging this contest for yet more and more days seeming less enticing for both women as they struggled to control themselves. The urge to pee going through the roof as their maxed out bladders were forced shut for what to be the 19th time. A deep pulsing now happening inside the bloated bladders of both women.

“Are we here to talk, or here to drink” Sam asked, a little pause as she tried to control her speech and stop her voice cracking under the pressure she was feeling in her abdomen. Walking over to the 4 bottles remaining in her crate she opened another beer and eyed Angela.

“Oh, Im here to drink and to win this thing.” Angela said confidently, cracking open another of her beers.

Looking up a the clock a little later Angela could see it was only 4pm, concern momentarily visible on her face as she battled the realisation her next relief was still 8 hours away. After finishing their last 4 beers, time had seemed to slow to a crawl. Sitting in her chair with her legs tightly crossed her was tensing the back of her thighs.

“Boy, that must be an interesting page.” She mocked from across the room.

“Im sorry, what?” Angela asked, confused.

“That page, I think you have been on that for about the last 20 minutes.”

Angela hadn’t realised it but at some point, apparently 20 minutes ago, she had stopped reading the book she was holding in front of her face. Her attention and thoughts moving to the task of helping her bladder, causing attention to wander.

“Nah, just day dreaming. Its not very interesting” she lied.

“If you say so” Sam added, turning her head away.

“Well what about you, I see your hand between your legs.”

“It was just resting there!” Sam answered back, having somehow not noticed her own hand moving unconsciously between her legs. The strain of her bladder making her mind take over and help her tiring muscles by using a hand to hold.

“If you say so” Angela mocked. A fierce glare exchanged by both nurses as they fought the ever-increasing urge to pee.

By 6 pm both of them were now sat with their legs tightly crossed, just about resisting the urge to fidget in their seats. Their bladders now filled with yet another days’ worth of drinking. The two of them were just about keeping up appearances, sitting rigidly while eating a takeaway, half empty 2 litre bottles sat on the ground next to each woman. However, the faintest doubt was starting to creep in for them, considering how much worse it had gotten over the last 6 hours. They were not the only ones either, It seemed many in the room were starting to doubt if they would even make it to the next partial pee. Although given the lack of benefit they now posed, it was surely pointless to try.

“Oooh” Sam groaned lightly, puffing out her cheeks as a particularly strong pulse made her bladder quiver inside her for a moment.

“I think we are about to have our winner” Tilly announced to the group.

“What no, its just a bit of discomfort.” Sam said, trying to play it down.

“So you are uncomfortable, I knew it!” Angela jumped on the slip up, causing Sam to blush slightly having revealed her need.

“Anyone would be uncomfortable with that much pee inside them” Joe retorted.

“This is what you get for being out of the game for so long.” Angela said, not even bothering to look over at them, simply turning the page on her book.

“Oh yeah, well even if I had been out of the game for years I could still hold rings around you lot at St. Mary’s.”

“Were not the ones groaning like a little girl about to wet themselves” Angela responded, her attention finally taken from her book as she angrily looked over at her opponent who was currently making fun of her whole hospital.

“As I said Its just discomfort, Im not going to burst. If fact we might have to re do this with more time. We only have four days left and I don’t plan on needing to go in that time.”

“Really, you seem confident for someone so clearly desperate.”

“Says the one secretly tensing her thighs” Sam shot back.

“I……Im not!” how did she know? Now it was Angela’s time to go red faced. “I can hold on longer than you, we at St. Marys can outhold even the strongest of bladders from your second-rate hospital.” She continued.

“Well then, if you are both so confident why don’t we take this up a level.” Joe said, seizing on the opportunity to really put Angela and St. Marys in their place.

“Angela can handle anything!” Vicky interjected, the other nurses wanting to back their champion all the way. Things were definitely heating up now, the tension rapidly rising as the insults started to fly between the two groups of nurses. It was more than personal pride on the line now, it was the pride of their whole hospital. It was almost certain that everyone they worked with would hear about this, they needed to make sure it was their team that won.

“Fine, how about we change the pee time limit?”

“In what way?” Angela asked nervously, suddenly aware how much she was counting down until the next one. If they got rid of them, she might start having trouble.

“Well, its not really a test at the moment is it, you know when and how much you can pee. I think we should make it more random, make it harder to prepare for.” Joe suggested.

“So how would we do that?” Sam asked, genuinely interested in the rules change. The pulsing in her bladder had gotten so much worse by now and anything that might help take the edge of was welcome for her.

“Well, why don’t we just take it in turns to say how long and when you can pee.” Joe said, looking around for an indication of what others thought about it.

“That sounds like a good contest. At least this way we have a chance of getting a winner by the time we go back, and by that I mean when you fail I can rightfully say I have the strongest bladder.” Angela said, locking eyes with her nemesis once more.

“You’re on, and you’re going down. My control is immaculate” Sam replied, the fire between the two women now raging strongly and fuelled by the large bulges coming out of both women.

“So, when do we start?”

“How about now?

“Are you kidding, she’s not even desperate yet, I’m sure she can last for another day without this silly little game.” Came an annoyed comment from Valerie, apparently not a fan of the proposed rules changes. They were here to show who had the strongest bladder and she wanted to see these two legends pushed to the absolute limit of their capacity.

“Yeah, isn’t it a little early given there are still more than 3 days left?” Vicky joined in, the issue clearly crossing over to both groups. “We should at least wait until tomorrow, if not two more days.”

Both Angela and Sam looked at each other, beads of sweat starting to gather on their foreheads. It was clear they were actually desperate to pee, their giant bloated bodies crying out for relief. But they couldn’t admit it, they couldn’t show weakness no matter what their bodies actually needed.

“Well then, I tell you what, why don’t we wait until noon tomorrow and then we can start this new game. Im sure by then you will both be at least a little desperate.” Joe conceded, the rule change apparently appeasing Valerie and the others that wanted to see the two of them pushed to their absolute limits.

“You’ve got this Sam, just look how full Angela looks. Any more and im sure she will burst!”

“You’re kidding, I think Angela seems a little thirsty. Isn’t that right?”

“I…uh yeah.” Angela said unconvincingly.

“Well maybe they should have something to drink if you are so sure she can handle it” Valerie said, happy that her chances of seeing this head to head hadn’t been stopped. Picking up a crate of beers in each of her strong arms she unceremoniously dropped them between Angela and Sam, their eyes meeting above the boxes. The next challenge had been set, there was no backing out now. With less than 24 hours before the rules changed, they wanted to prove themselves and make their opponent that much more likely to lose. Ignoring the fact that it would make themselves more desperate, they opened the box and the first bottle was drunk. The new liquid rushing down to join all of the others inside the giant bladders of the nurses, they were as desperate to win as they were to pee.

The midnight pee went as well as could be expected, but did little to nothing for either woman. Squatting into position was getting harder as their bladders bloated even more, their abdomens looking heavily pregnant after 10 days of drinking. Thick and heavy streams had sprayed out of them, only to be cruelly cut off once again after just 5 seconds. Both of them groaning quietly as they stemmed the flow and took their places back in the kitchen. Their steps uneven and a sheen of sweat covering their faces. Both challengers knew sleep wasn’t an option for them, their massively bloated bodies giving them no chance of finding a position comfortable enough. So instead, the pair stayed up through the night, sat opposite each other and still drinking.

Another large pot of coffee was consumed by them both as they used the caffeine to fight off the tiredness. However, since last night their desperation had turned up to 11 and it was now impossible to put to the back of their minds. Their bloodshot eyes wide as they now openly held themselves, Sam’s legs jiggling under the table while Angela groaned and held herself with both hands. The pot of coffee and cases of beers in the last day would have been more than enough to make them need to pee without the other 8 days. Exacerbated gasps filled the cabin as the others slept soundly, certain they wouldn’t miss anything and that both women would still be holding when they woke.

By mid-day everyone was awake and gathered around the openly desperate women. They were all happy to see the vast quantity of liquid they had consumed was finally having an impact, they would have their winner soon!

“Ok then, so from here on out the 5 second pee’s are to be replaced by what we decide. Should we start easy with a 4 second pee?” Joe suggested, wanting to trial the new format without upsetting any of the women. She was aware that she wasn’t exactly impartial and didn’t want to spoil Sam’s assured victory by looking like she was taking control of things in her favour.

Angela’s whole body was throbbing as she stood uneasily, the weight of all the nights drinks pressing heavily on her muscles. Waddling into the centre of the room even her legs seemed to be straining under the weight of her bladder. Kneeling down rather than squatting she tried to prepare herself for what was to come. It had only been 10 hours since her last pee break, but it felt like days since she had felt any sort of actual relief. Looking down she couldn’t believe how much her stomach had bloated, her once flat torso now arching and bulging out inches In front of her. She was sure if she walked into the maternity ward at her hospital, no one would think she wasn’t pregnant. But instead, it was simply how large and round her bladder was making her look.

Sam soon joined her, one hand pressing deeply between her legs as she fought the spasms that had been rolling through her body since the large pot of coffee they had drunk during the night. The heavily diuretic liquid mixing with the alcohol to form a potent and heavily bloating cocktail of desperation.

“Ok guys, pee in 3…2…”

“Wait, wait, wait” Sam stammered, her legs pressing heavily against each other for a moment.

“See Angela, she cant even keep her legs open you’re a sure to win.” Tilly said gleefully.

“It was just a….im fine” Sam said, her face bright red.

Getting back into position the count down was restarted and on cue two thick streams fizzed through the air. A soft whimper escaping one of the women as they relieved themselves, but it was hard to tell which one. Then after just 4 seconds they were both forced to clamp the flow off.

“Jesus” Angela moaned, her entire body shaking as it reeled in pain. Fireworks of contracting muscles and searing nerve endings suddenly exploding in her bladder.

“hummmmg” Sam whimpered, a similar process and spikes of pain shooting through her body. Her eyes closed and jaw clenched as she tried not to shout out in desperation.

Unlike the other pees both women stayed in their stooped position for several minutes, their faces red and shining with sweat. Eventually it seemed the worst of the pulses stopped and they regained some control, moving back to the kitchen slowly where a chorus of cheers convinced them both to down another bottle of beer. An hour later the second pee was announced, the groups deciding a 3 second break would be all they were willing to give. The other nurses in the room sensing the discomfort and wanting to strike while the iron was hot.

Again, the count down was started as both women gurned in discomfort, their squatting position making it almost impossible not to lose control. The positions lack of support for key muscles causing them to constantly shift where they crouched before finally being able to pee. Despite all the odds they both shut the flow off again. The once slight burning a now constant and agonising sensation that felt as if they were tearing themselves apart. Their muscles shuddering and twitching as they were forced to yet again close prematurely, despite the pressure coming from inside their massively bloated bladders.

“Come on Angela, you’ve got this” came a supportive cry from Tilly.

“No way, Sam is going to win. St. Cuthbert’s will be the champion, no question.”

“Yeah, Sam might be empty soon at this rate.”

Sam herself really doubted that comment, the quantity of liquid they had both drunk had filled them with gallons of liquid that would surely take more than a few seconds of peeing to be let out. Plus with their continued drinking it was likely she was drinking just as much if not more than she was peeing. It was turning into a perpetual filling and emptying that was tormenting her every thought.

“Well in that case, should we might have to make it a little harder, shall we say a 1 second pee this time?” Vickey suggested, a wicked smile on her face.

“Is that even worth it?” Sam questioned, worrying for the first time she might not be able to stop after such a short time. Her breathing now heavy and laboured as the coffee and beer from last night made its way through her system.

“Well if Sam doesn’t think it’s a good idea, im all for it Angela” said loudly, just about picking out the conversation through the haze as her face flushed and chest heaved, breathing heavily through her nose.

Having already chosen the length of the next pee the groups still made the two desperate nurses hold on another 30 minutes. Their desperation still somehow increasing, with neither of them able to concentrate on anything else but the overwhelming need to pee. Their muscles trembling as they were just about able to stand and sit on chairs hastily pushed towards them by their supportive colleagues.

“Ohh god” Sam muttered, her jaw clenched and eyes shut once again as she got into position for the shortest pee yet. She could feel her muscles crying in anticipation of what was to come, but she wasn’t going to give up now. Next to her Angela wasn’t doing much better; she could feel the sweat dripping off her face as she too struggled with her bodily demands. The throbbing had stopped, but it had turned into an almost constant wave of unease and mounting pressure. It peaked and rolled through her crotch and enormously distended bladder, but never disappeared completely. Her body was truly being pushed to its absolute limits by this contest, but she was so close to winning. There was no way Sam could put up with this for much longer.

“Alright ladies, just a 1 second pee this time. So there wont be a count to stop, ill just carry on from the count down.” Tilly announced, making both women realise just how little they would be peeing this time.

“Alright then, so 3…2…1…Pee…Stop!”

It was barely enough time for their streams to start, the exhale of relief from Angela turning into a strange squeaking noise as she forced the muscles between her legs to stop the flow almost instantly. It had felt more like a leak than an attempt at peeing.

“Fuck ittttttt!” Sam yelled next to Angela as her legs bowed inwards and both hands applied a vice like grip to her bare crotch. Never before had she felt this kind of burn, the indescribable tingling and cramping sensations radiating out of her crotch and enormous bladder. Even her arms as they pressed lightly against her skin were causing lines of pain and heat to throb through her bladder, radiating from where they brushed the bloated organ. The slightest of pressure enough to now cause immense discomfort and make her tremble.

Both women quickly rose and sat on the seats next to them, their legs twisting and faces contorted by pain. It was clear both were reaching new and unfathomable levels of desperation, something that was pleasing all the other nurses in the room. As they had hoped, this was a bladder match for the century and it was a privilege for them to witness it. However, as much as they were enjoying the show they all still wanted to win.

Just 15 minutes later it was decided that both women would get the chance to pee again. It was clear that the repeating partial pees in their current state were having an impact and lowering their control. As such, the groups of nurses were happy to torment them both, giving neither of them enough time to get their bodies fully under control.

“I think we should do 5 seconds this time”

That came as welcome news to both women, especially Sam who wasn’t sure if it was her imagination but she was sure she could feel some of her pee trapped between her clenched muscles after that last round. Her bladder now so full her body was storing it anywhere it could, only her hands had stopped it shooting out of her last time. Hopefully with 5 seconds it would take the edge off and let her constantly contracting muscles a moment of relaxation.

Lowering themselves back into position their muscles quivered almost constantly by this point, the twitching visible to those watching as the taught skin seemed to writhe on its own. Contractions or little spasms easy to see on their bare bloated abdomens which had been pulled so tight the skin was almost white. The deep blue of their veins easy to see in contrast to the taught skin which bulged out of their bodies and made them look at least 8 months pregnant.

“3…2…1…Pee” Came the command through the desperate white noise which now filled the two nurses ears.

Both women sighed in relief, their pee streams thundering out of them once again. The heavy jets spraying noisily on the hardwood flooring as the puddles began to spread out from under them.

“2…1…Stop”

“Oh fuck!” they both shouted in unison, momentarily lost in the relief. The contrasting pee lengths had played havoc on their bodies which were getting tormented by short pees, only to now be able to let out a reasonably long 5 second burst. Their tired muscles seizing on the opportunity and mistakenly thinking this was it, they were free. Groaning in effort they stemmed the flow and held the tide back once again. But this time it was worse than all of the others put together. Waves of fire pulsed out of their bladders, sweat dripping off them as they gurned and gritted their teeth. Unable to move they writhed in absolute desperation, the taste of freely peeing reminding them of what it felt like and their bodies wanted more.

“Sam’s about to pop, just look at her!” Came a comment from Julie, watching the squirming women.

“I can fucking hold it she shouted back”, The tendons in her neck bulging as she fought her body.

“Im winning this, there is no other outcome possible” Angela panted next to Sam, her own body contorted by the waves of pressure racing through her body. Her heavy but erratic breathing leaving the woman light headed.

“You have no chance, I can hold this forever” Sam shouted defiantly, her face red and wet with perspiration as she puffed out her cheeks with each breath. Strands of her blonde hair which had escaped the tight ponytail now sticking to her face, yet still she held resolutely onto the idea she was in control and going to win this.

“Im still in control, you cant win this” Angela retorted, her jaw clenched rigidly.

“Show them St Cuthbert nurses don’t even know the meaning of a full bladder” Valerie shouted over the huffing and puffing of the bulging women.

Five minutes later Angela couldn’t help but let out a guttural moan as her tortured body started to spasm wildly, her muscles cramping deeply inside her.

“You almost got her Sam, just listen to that groan” Valerie said confidently. “One more and I think she will break”

“No way, Sam will break first, we all saw how she couldn’t deal with the 1 second pee”

“Bullshit, she’s in control”

“Well then, we shall see. I think we do a 1 second pee again now.”

Neither group seemed to even notice the discomfort of their own champion, all their eyes glued to the opposition and how close they looked to winning.

“1 second now” An excited and hungry cheer went around the groups.

“I….” Sam started, but her sentence tapered off before it began. Surrounded by the other nurses she felt as if she was a simple play thing for them, so full of piss and being forced to release on their command.

“Show them what we are made of, 1 more second. You can do it” Tilly added.

Clutching themselves both women got into position, their throbbing bodies now exposed once again.

“3…2…1..Pee…Stop!”

“Arrrrhhhh” Angela screamed as she cut the heavy flow off. Beside her Sam was silent, her bright red face contorted into an expression of pure pain, tears rolling down her face but she hadn’t given up. Angela let out another guttural groan as her bladder violently shook inside her, the tortured muscles screaming out as she forced them to clamp off the flow early. Another short dribble seemed to escape Sam as she pushed her hands back between her legs. Her head angled sideways and grimacing deeply.

“I can hold it” Sam said breathlessly, her eyes now open wide but unfocused.

“You leaked!” Vicky said accusingly, pointing to the small number of drops falling off Sam’s hands.

“It was just drops from the stream, im in control” Sam panted, sweat streaming off her face.

“Fuck me!” Angela shouted as her body shuddered violently again, a searing pain ripping through her body.

Valerie looked on, an insatiable lust in her eyes. She was desperate to watch Angela eat her words from the other month. She wasn’t the bladder champion around her, despite how she might act.

“Well if you are still in control, I think you should do another 1 second pee” Valerie said, an evil grin plastered across her face. They hadn’t done two pees so soon after one another before. Both women looked on the edges of control, this would surely be enough to destroy Angela!

“I can do it!” Sam spluttered out, her breathing even more ragged

“Me too. I can do anything; my bladder is unmoving!”

“Ok then, Vicky ready with the clock.”

“3….2….1….Go”

Another jet of piss burst out of their quaking bodies. Shooting out and once again splattering onto the still wet floor, the puddle of previous releases still sitting there on the surface. The writhing and sweating women’s reflections just as desperate looking as the real pair. Ripples ran through them as the forceful jets continued to spray into the puddle in almost slow motion for the two desperate nurses.

But almost as soon as it started, Vicky told them to stop. “Ok that’s it, clench ladies you have to stop”

On command both women screamed loudly, guttural and pained shouts filled the room as they clenched their tired and burning muscles. Red faced and panting they pushed their legs together, hands returning to crotches but there was no stopping it. Despite the order to stop the streams continued as their giant bladders could hold back no more, the repeated short pees had finally broken them. The pained noises of Sam and Angela echoing off the walls of the cabin as the other nurses watched the match come to its end.

Piss thundered out of them, drumming noisily off the floorboards and speeding its way across the floor. The puddles joining into a single massive mess that grew by the second as the two women lost control. Unable to move from pure relief Sam’s pee hissed through the hand she had tried to use to help her maintain control but now pressed weakly against her bare crotch. Next to her Angela’s legs were now spread wide, her hips almost bucking as her tortured body released more that a weeks worth of piss. Angela still couldn’t feel any benefit yet, even after 10 seconds. The weight and pressure inside her bloated bladder still as strong as it had been before. The only thankful exception was the burning sensation in her crotch that had finally dissipated with the release.

The grunts from both women continued for half a minute before finally their overtaxed bodies began to relax fully. Their bloated bladders starting to reduce in size as the enormous puddle underneath them grew. By the second minute and as pee continued to splatter into the puddle the other nurses were forced to back up, some picking up or pushing furniture of the way of the ocean spreading across the floor. The two panting women in the centre of the room containing far more than any of them had ever seen before. Five minutes after the initial pee both women ran dry at almost the exact same moment. The room completely flooded with their urine. Sam unable to take it sagged onto the floor, lying back in the puddle of her own making completely exhausted. Angela simply sat in the centre of it, a vacant look on her face as she felt her muscles still occasionally twitch. A silence filled the room

“Sam started first” A voice shouted.

“No way, it was Angela”….

The heated argument continued for minutes, the two contenders too tired and exhausted to take part. Muscles spasms still fired through their tortured bodies which had well and truly been pushed to their absolute limits.

“Well, I guess we will just had to re do it next month then.” A voice broke through the euphoric bliss both contenders were under.

“I’ll win next time” Sam and Angela said simultaneously, the faintest of fires burning again in their tired eyes.

###

I hope you guys enjoyed this story.

This was a commission. If you would be interested in having me write one for you, check out my Fiverr store for more information.

(https://www.fiverr.com/markjones9494

)

*005*2020-07-08 07:52

{{On 7/4/2020 at 4:19 PM, Rexone_312 said:

This story! Oh my goodness!

I have always been a sucker for extreme desperation and ladies deliberately trying to supress their urges to pee for insane durations and drinking copious amounts. On top of that they try to establish their superiority over each other!

Excellent story buddy. Perfect to the T. This is going to be a good weekend

}}

Hey, Thanks for the kind words. Glad you enjoyed it!

{{On 7/5/2020 at 2:26 AM, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was a amazing story and a very enjoyable read

}}

Thank you!

{{On 7/5/2020 at 4:11 PM, Dtravis said:

This is brilliant! Amazing extreme desperation story, just like other ones you've posted.

}}

Thank you!

{{On 7/6/2020 at 11:29 PM, Lenni6897 said:

Great Story, extreme desperation/holding scenarios are always my favorite.

I also really like your writing style, the story doesn't feel rushed at any point and that's always an important thing in this kind of story for my taste. Compliments!

}}

Thank you for the compliments! Yeah pacing is always a bit of a challenge, especially with stories that take place over a long time. So im happy to see people thought it was ok.
