Agitha's "Rain Call"

Author: MemeOverlord

*000*2020-08-11 08:08

$$

(I take no credit for the image. Artist: unknown.)

It was currently a bright and sunny day, with only a few dark clouds on the horizon. Agitha had decided to go for her usual stroll and picnic with the bugs, determining that the far off clouds were nothing to worry about. Agitha, the self proclaimed Princess of the Insect Kingdom, wore her usual attire, consisting of a cute blue and white dress adorned with pink butterflies, large hoopskirt, white thigh-high stockings, wedge shoes, and her cutsie butterfly wings affixed to her back.

Once Agitha reached her favorite spot, amongst the flowers, she set out her blanket, and set up her parasol umbrella. She drank her tea, and munched on biscuits and jam, offering some to the insects who were marching towards her picnic basket. "Hello there, Mr. Ant, would you like some biscuits and jam?" She said sweetly, as she broke off some crumbles, and gingerly offered them down towards the ant. She continued this behavior for a couple more hours as she sipped tea, picked flowers, admired the bugs, and enjoyed the warm sunlight....until the sunlight began to dim...

"Oh no!" thought Agitha, "getting late out already?!" She looked up at the sky and saw that it was not the time of day causing the sunlight to fade, but the weather. The dark clouds that had been so far off had now come rolling in over Hyrule field. "Just a little rain out, nothing really to worry about." Agitha said aloud, a little nervously. Just as she said this, the unmistakable crack of lightening, followed by the rolling boom of thunder could be heard in the not so far distance. Agitha's knees instinctively buckled at the sound and she felt the sinking feeling of fear settle into the pit of her stomach. She was deathly afraid of thunder, it unnerved her so. Weighing her options for a moment, Agitha quickly packed up her picnic, deciding that she had best make it back to Castle Town.

Agitha had barely started her return journey, when rain drops began to pelt the ground. She quickened her stride at this, but as is often the nature of storms, the rain quickly shifted into a downpour in a matter of seconds. Agitha's small canvas parasol was made to protect the user from harsh rays of sunlight, not heavy rain. Since her Parasol was doing her little good, Agitha quickly ran towards a large, lone oak tree. Another deafening thunder crash made Agitha squeal with fear and sprint towards the tree as fast as her little pigeon toes would carry her. She was on the verge of tears by the time she reached the tree, both from fear of the thunder, and being upset that her pretty dress was being rained on.

Surprisingly, Agitha felt a little safer now that she had reached the tree. Pausing now, she realized something that she hadn't before, she had to pee! Oftentimes, fear will quickly bring on the need to urinate, and Agitha was quite frightened from the loud thunder, not to mention all of the tea she had drank. She put one hand between her legs to reassure her girl-parts, and held her parasol over her head with the other. The wide boughs of the oak tree coupled with the parasol to mostly shelter her from the rain.

Agitha sat like this for nearly an hour, until the storm began to worsen, as well as the growing situation in her bladder. She was beginning to worry that she might actually have an accident and wet her panties. "I can't have an accident, I'm ten years old, almost eleven! I'm a big girl now, girls my age don't have accidents, especially not a Princess!" She thought to herself. But she had to do something, the storm was only getting worse, and it was looking like there would be no way that she could wait out the storm without having an accident. Perhaps she could just lift her skirts and pee in the grass here, she had pondered, but decided that it just wouldn't be becoming of a Princess, and what if someone saw her?! Travelers frequented this road, she just couldn't bring herself to do it.

While Agitha was sitting there, weighing her options, the wind picked up violently. The stormy updrafts blew her parasol inside out, rendering it useless. As well, the wind was now causing the rain to blow in from all angles, the tree now offered much less protection than before. After a good ten minutes of this, Agitha's outer clothes were now fairly wet, the thunder had also picked back up again. Between the soaking rain, the terrifying thunder, and her own restroom desperation, Agitha began to cry. The rain was starting to chill her as it soaked through her clothes, she felt so cold, alone and helpless. Had anyone been passing by, they surely would have pitied her, poor Agitha was quite a sight, her blonde pigtails now hung limp at the sides of her head, makeup streaming down from around her teary eyes, soaking wet dress, and her small frame convulsing slightly as she cried, hugging her knees to her chest.

"What am I going to do?!" Agitha cried inwardly, "I'm so scared, I can't leave...but I have to go so badly!" Suddenly, a particularly loud thunder crash boomed overhead. Agitha's involuntary squeal of terror was completely drowned out over the sound of the thunder. Agitha quickly thrust both hands between her legs, the brief moment of terror had caused her muscles to release a small squirt of urine into her white panties. Agitha cringed at the feeling, this was one of the few parts of her body that hadn't been completely drenched by the rain, and now she had a small wet spot in her panties. She was now begining to rethink her apprehensions about lifting her skirts to pee out here, she was barely able to hold on at this point, straining every muscle in her lower body to hold the floodgates closed. It was getting so bad at this point, that she had slid both of her hands up under her now deformed and floppy hoopskirt, so that she could better grip her girlhood.

Agitha's reconsiderations were interrupted as a very long, continuous barrage of thunder and lightening started. The maelstrom lasted for nearly a full minute, during this time, Agitha was completely frozen with fear. As she sat there, on her knees, her muscles began to release from the fear she was experiencing. Powerful streams of urine were now spurting through Agitha's panties, she didn't even realize what she was doing until she felt the warmth flowing between her fingers. She cried out in desperation, gripping herself even harder, but this only made her pee even more than before.

The horrible barrage of thunder and lightening was now abating, but Agitha was still too shaken up to regain control of her body, she just could not stop the urine from coming out of her bladder. Her pee was now pooling her her hands, which were still tightly grasping her girl parts, her pee was also streaming down her legs, leaving wide yellow streaks in her stockings. A large pee puddle was forming in the rain soaked grass beneath her, there had been too much rain for the earth to absorb her obscenely large volume of urine.

Completely defeated, and crying hysterically, Agitha sank from her knees, down onto her butt, sitting in her own puddle. She sat like this for awhile, as the rain gradually began to let up. Once she had cried her eyes out, Agitha slowly got to her feet, this caused the urine she had been sitting in to now drip all down her fully extended legs. Her face turned red in shame as she felt this, and was now able to see the large puddle beneath her. The rain was only a drizzle now, and the thunderstorm had completely subsided, so Agitha mechanically gathered up her ruined parasol and picnic basket, and began the slow trudge back towards Castle Town.

Fortunately there were not many people out in the streets, but Agitha still felt great shame from the few people who did see her. It was not becoming for a Princess to be wandering about in weather ruined clothes, and oh how she prayed that no one could see the yellow stains trailing down her white stockings. Tears of humiliation were running down her face as she made her way through town to her, "castle." Once she was finally inside, Agitha stripped off her garments, and washed up at her water basin. She then changed into dry underclothes, a fresh pair of panties, some dry stockings, and a crop corset. Agitha then crawled into bed, curled up under the covers, and cried herself to sleep.

Written by:

High Meme-Overlord

