Lucy

Author: MiraOMO

*000*2022-05-20 16:25

Hi Everyone,

So it's been awhile since I’ve written everything, mainly due to work, university, and just generally moving around a fair bit.

Some of you may remember my long standing story (University Accidents) which gradually came to an end due to the sheer amount of effort that was needed to finish it all off - I just ran out of steam.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/57643-university-accidents-emma-isabella-maddy-charlotte-and-olivia/?do=embed&comment=1756308&embedComment=1756308&embedDo=findComment#comment-1756308"

Anyways, I’ve got a free summer ahead of me, and I’ve had these new ideas in my drafts for ages...and I thought it was time to write them up and release.

This is a 5-part story is about a girl called Lucy…

Chapter 1 is a little short but they do get longer in due course, this is just a brief introduction.

I hope everyone enjoys

***

THE GYM (PART 1)

The gym was my sanctuary! It was a place where I could plug my headphones in and zone out - or zone in, depending on how you looked at it. My third, and final year of university had been tough going and extremely intense but luckily, somewhat thankfully, I had Thursdays and Fridays off; these were my gym days. It was mid-February and today was an especially cold Friday afternoon, I was glad to get out of the icy air and into the university gym complex - the large three story building had a swimming pool, a climbing wall, and courts of any racket sport thinkable.

I headed quickly down the stairs to the changing rooms, dropping my bag, keys and wallet off before bounding back up, through the double-doors and into the gym. I’d been listening to the FT’s daily news briefing on my way, walking in, but it had just finished, now exposing me to the chatter of the relatively busy gym, and clanging of weights. I pulled out my phone, scanning my Spotify playlists before deciding on my running playlist - the music kicking in, blasting away in my ears.

The gym was on two levels, the main area, with all the free weights and machines in, and the veranda, which had some mats and most of the cardio equipment - treadmills, bikes, cross trainers, and rowing machines. There was a row of ten treadmills at the back of the veranda; only one being occupied - nearest the wall. Of course, I had my own favourite, the fourth from the end, which I quickly stepped on, to make sure no one stole it. Next to the treadmills were the gym mats; ten or so in total, my eyes noticing nearly all were currently occupied.

Dropping my water bottle, and phone off into the holder, I stepped back away from the treadmill. I moved across to one of the free mats, slowly stretching my legs, mainly my skinny calves - those were always my tightest muscles. My routine had now made sure my Friday gym session was a run; back in the day I would’ve called myself a runner - running five times a week, but now I only ran two times a week, if that, so couldn’t make the argument in my head. After a quick stretch, scanning my eyes round the gym, I jumped back on treadmill and checked the session on my phone - 1 minute at 4:30perKM, and then 1 minute at 3:30perKM for 20 minuets in total. I wasn’t going to lie, it was a tough session, especially on a treadmill, but it kept me around a 20 minute 5K - that’s how I basically measured my fitness.

Despite feeling like I was running in a big yellow box thanks to the paint on the walls, the first 15 minutes of the session flew by, the music in my ears carrying me along; keeping me concentrated as my long athletic legs bounded one step in front of the other. It was as I increased the speed from 4:30 to 3:30, I could feel my stomach, and legs starting to ache a bit. You know, ever since I’d started running as a little kid, the last stretch of any race, or training session for that matter, had aways been the hardest part - I guess that was the whole point, to test your mental fortitude.

The way I dealt with the pain was by focusing my mind and by picking out a point and not moving my head; and whilst on the treadmill, that was a small tree out in the car park, which the view from the veranda overlooked. The time slowly trickled by, minute 16, minute 17, minute 18, more pain distilling through my body. It was as I entered the final push for the last minute, increasing the speed once again, I was distracted by the jangling of keys. I turned my head slightly to see a girl dropping her personals in the treadmill next to me. ‘Fuck sake’, I hated being distracted, it made the last push almost unbearable; 10 seconds, 9 seconds, 8 seconds, 7 seconds…you get the idea - I completed the session.

As I finished, slowing the speed of the treadmill down whilst putting my hands behind my head to recover, I turned my body again. I wasn’t one to stare in the gym at all, as I said before, it’s my sanctuary, but there was something about the way this girls hair flowed as she jogged, her little black shorts and crop top sticking to her skin; her pink running shoes delicately pushing off the treadmill belt. I stopped myself from staring any further and swung myself round and off the treadmill, water bottle in hand. I quickly wiped myself down with the paper towels provided by the gym before stretching my legs out - my sweat soaking into one of mats, disgusting. On finishing my stretches, I walked off, towards the stairs, turning just to catch one more glimpse of the brown haired girl, admiring her toned hamstrings in the distance - I was sort of jealous to be completely honest.

Back alone downstairs, playlist pumping in my ears, I headed towards the small plyometrics room, located to the side of the main gym area. Thankfully, it was empty, it never seemed to get much use, but I loved that about the room, the tranquility. I always did leg lunges and calf raises after a session, assisted by the TRX bands - it just got my legs burning enough to feel like I’d done a ‘leg day'. Additionally, they were tricky, form was extremely important, and if you ever started wobbling, the key was not to fall over otherwise you’d twist your knee - yes, I’m talking from experience. After a quick chill-out period where I caught my breath and scrolled through twitter on my phone, I got into the crux of the session.

Ten or so minutes later, I felt a presence behind me.

“Excuse me?” The voice grew louder. “…excuse me?”

I turned my head, which had been facing the yellow wall in a concentrated manner, scrambling to find my phone to turn the music down in my ears. To my complete surprise, the girl from the treadmill stood right in front of me, sweat slowly dripping down the side of her face.

“Sorry…” She said politely, a hand resting on her hip, “How many sets you got left?”

“Two…” I replied, coughing to clear my throat while forcing a smile, “You wanna jump in?”

(Jumping in was where you did a set, and then let someone else do a set, while you took a rest, before jumping back in to another set, etc etc…)

My mouth had suddenly gone dry despite the large volume of water I’d drank during my gym session - I was nervous. I felt my hands start to sweat as well; I never reacted well to people catching me off-guard, and especially not in the gym. As I stood, the TRX band still in hand, what a coincidence I thought to myself, they had two, even three pieces of every bit of gym equipment, except this (only one) - and she wanted to use it.

“Sure.” She said, moving to the side as I finished off my final lunge from that set.

“I’m Alex.” I said, taking one of my AirPods out and moving my eyes a little to stare at her toned figure - her abs arguably better than mine.

“Lucy….” She said smiling, taking a hold of the TRX band and sliding her foot through.

She did a set of 12 jumping lunges - yes, they’re harder than just single lunges, making me feel somewhat inadequate. I didn’t watch every single one but it was difficult not to look as she lunged before swinging her body forwards and driving her leg into the air, it was extremely impressive, and her form was great. I suspected that she also watched me do my sets, catching glances of my toned quads as I bent my knee before thrusting back up - despite sheepishly trying to act like she wasn’t.

After finishing my last rep of my last set, I stood up, collecting my things before turning to her. “See you around…”

“See you later…” she replied, flashing me a smile while moving her hair passed her ear.

There was something I couldn’t quite put my finger on, she was attractive, don’t get me wrong, her body was incredible, but her face wasn’t striking (I hated myself for always overthinking everything) - I think ‘sneaky fit’ was the commonly used term to describe a girl like her. To get one last glance, I quickly turned my head around, and as I did our eyes met - it was a moment for sure, and the hairs on my skin stood up. As I walked out the gym doors, I thought I’d probably never see her again - somewhat hoping that wouldn’t be the case.

*001*2022-08-02 15:18

Finally back for the second chapter...

THE PARTY (PART 2)

The party was packed - completely rammed. I mean I knew Matt’s house hosted ‘big ones’, but this was pushing the definition of big - you could barely move once inside. The house wasn’t even small - it was detached, which was fairly uncommon for a university house, and had seven bedrooms. There was one cupboard bedroom on the ground floor, opposite the closet style bathroom under the stairs; three generously sized bedrooms on the first floor and three, more medium sized bedroom on the second floor - catered by two bathrooms with showers on the first and second floor respectively. It dawned on me as I arrived that people had probably already overflowed into the bedrooms, and with more people randomly turning up throughout the night, I wasn’t sure how the house was going to squeeze everyone in.

I turned up to the party with one of my house mates, Jacob, who, like me, studied law. If I’m honest, I’d brought him along so that I didn’t have to come alone, he was more of the stay in and play games online than party type - which was fair enough, wasn’t for me to judge. He’d come out of his shell a little though in final year, and I’d lost count the amount of times he’d brought a girl home - so much for the boring gaming nerd I’d first met. In fact, he got more action than me, I’d been in a relationship for my first year, which had rolled over from my school days; that ended, and I’d met a girl called Mia at the Law half-way ball in second year. We casually dated, basically, we fucked when we both got drunk. This slowly fizzled out, as they do, and I’d been working so much in my third year that I’d hadn’t been laid for about 2 months - I fucked on my Christmas holiday to the alps, can’t say I remember all that much about it though.

Anyways, on our arrival, I didn’t recognise a single face, the patio area was heaving with students but none I could put a name to. I always had a sense and feeling of nervousness at these party’s, that was until I’d spoken to someone and got a few more drinks down me. Jacob and I had done some drinking before we came, getting us tipsy, but it was only 10:30 and I hadn’t expected the party to be so busy. Further, to give you more details, it was Ed’s and Elliot’s joint 21st Birthday party, both who I knew from football. In fact, that’s how I’d met Matt, and his housemates - football.

Back in my second year, he’d seen me playing 5 a-side with some friends and asked if I wanted to join there 11 a-side team - which I accepted. I remember I turned up at the first training session, knowing no one, quickly winning them over - receiving players player of the season, good times. We’d lost a few players at the end of last year to the guys having years abroad, so were a bit light on numbers this year, but were still third in the league so couldn’t really complain. Additionally, I loved it, along with my running sessions, it kept me fit - and got me out of the house; knowing how third year law work was a complete slog.

Back to the party and Jacob had spotted some of his friends so darted off to the side of the house which left me alone - this always seemed to happen, I was used to it by now. Luckily, as I reached the sliding doors about to head inside, I felt an arm round my neck.

“ALEX!!!” A voice bellowed, nearly deafening me.

“Yoo…” I swung myself round, catching myself so I didn’t fall, “…you good?”

Christian, a fellow football player who was taller and stronger than me, swayed as he held his arm round my neck.

“Yes mate.” His eyes lightening up, “I’m feeling buzzed already.”

“…I can tell…” Christian’s head now only a few centimetres away from my face. To anyone watching, not that anyone would be, they probably thought we were about to kiss.

“…you getting wasted tonight?” I could smell the alcohol on his breath - beer.

“Nahhh…” I replied, seeing the disappointment in his eyes as I spoke.

“…OHH COME ON…” Christian bellowed once again. “Stop having child ones…get fucked man.”

“Alright…just for you.” Christian smiled and let out a little cheer - of course I wasn’t going to get blackout drunk, I just needed an excuse for him to get off me as his arm was starting to dig into the side of my neck.

My conversation with Christian was short lived as he finally let go of me and manoeuvred his way past a few people outside, allowing me to enter into the completely swarmed kitchen. The kitchen was fairly large and had an open plan layout, centred around a big wooden table, although this had been pushed against the wall and its sole purpose was now to function for beer pong - this is when I saw Matt, leaning over the table which was full of red cups.

“How you doing?” Matt called over, catching my eye, a ping pong ball resting in his hand.

“Good…” I shouted back, squeezing myself past some fellow students, apologising as my body bashed into them.

“Join us…we’re losing.” Matt said, ushering me over to his side of the table.

“Let me grab a drink first…” I replied, flashing him a half smile.

“Cups are on the sink…” Matt replied, pointing across the kitchen.

I swung myself round and headed on the mammoth journey to the sink - okay, it wasn’t that bad, but it did take a minute or so. Once there, I plucked one of the red cups out of its plastic packaging, scrambled through the cupboards for liquor, before pouring myself a rather large vodka & coke. Taking a rather large sip to ease my nervousness, I noted how it burnt the back of my throat, and I squinted, realising I may have put just a little too much vodka in. ‘Fuck it’, I thought to myself, I’d just finished my January exams so tonight was about celebrating.

As I tried to make my way back to the beer pong table, a large group of girls entered into the kitchen from the hallway, where the living room was, blocking my path. A slightly drunk looking Mia entered into my view - she caught my eye immediately. We weren’t on bad terms or anything, it’s just you’d rather the person you used to fuck wasn’t at a party where you wanted to enjoy yourself - you know? I mean, she knew every detail of what was under my clothes, visa versa, and it was just awkward.

"Hey babe…” Mia said, slowly stumbling forwards, forcing me into giving her a hug.

“Hi Mia…” I replied slowly, noticing how good her body looked in her dress.

The thing is, she always did this when we bumped into each other at parties; we hadn’t slept together since the start of third year because she was infatuated with a boy who I’m not sure felt the same way, but despite this, we still flirted and enjoyed each others company to a certain extent - even if I did find it awkward.

“How’s Tom…?” I asked to defuse the sexual tension. Tom was her apparent lover and also studied law. To be honest, I really didn’t see eye to eye with him, more so because he was evidently messing Mia around and she was a nice girl - from my own experience.

“…yeah…it’s going fine…” The tone of her voice wasn’t exactly reassuring.

“Right…” I paused, thinking of something to say. “Great…”

You see, this is why I need a few drinks down me, to avoid the awkward tension. Luckily, Mia was dragged off by her friends and with my drink in hand, I went to inspect if I could find anyone I knew in the living room, abandoning my plans to play beer pong - I later found out Matt won anyways, so he didn’t need me. I shuffled down the hallway, past the vast array of students mingling, and headed into the living room.

The living room, as it always was at parties, had been turned into a make shift dance floor and the music was fiercely blasting away, as loud as you heard in the club. The lights had been turned off, allowing for the illumination of green and red LED’s that were hung from the ceiling, in other words, it was virtually pitch black. I quickly realised it was no use, I was never going to find anyone in here - I could barely even get in for starters. I took a large sip of my drink, realising I’d already finished it, I put that down to my nervous exchange with Mia, before heading back down the hallway and to the kitchen.

As I returned from the makeshift dance floor in the living room, I saw something out of the corner of my eye, free flowing long brown hair with a few blonde highlights, like I’d seen earlier in the gym - it couldn’t be, could it? I quickened my pace, following the hair into the kitchen and towards the sink. As I stepped closer, my view was now clear and I recognised instantly who it was, Lucy was dressed in tight blue jeans accompanied by a small white top. ‘Fuck, she looked good.’ I watched as she poured herself a drink, coincidently using the same vodka bottle I had used a few minutes earlier before making my presence known.

‘Lucy…?” I said, in the most startled voice I could do.

“Hey…” She swung herself round, her eyes glaring at me “…Alex…right?”

“Yeah” I said, moving myself closer to her. “…from the gym…earlier…”

“Yeahhhhh…” She said, slurring her words a little. “…Alex from the gym…”

I let out a nervous laugh in response to her comment, causing Lucy to smile before letting out a laugh of her own. Holding the cup in one hand, her other hand shot between her legs, and not quite realising just how drunk she was, as she shifted her balance, it caused her hand to sway; pouring a large chunk of her drink down my white t-shirt. If I’m truly honest, if it had been anyone other than Lucy, I probably would’ve been annoyed, but seeing as I was trying to chat her up, I was happy to let it slide.

“…I…I am so drunk…” She said, frowning her forehead. “I’m so sorry…”

“…it’ll dry…” I watched as Lucy put her cup down, presumably to pour herself another drink. “Can you pour me one as well?”

Lucy had turned her body sideways, I couldn’t resist the temptation to check her out, as she fiddled with the cap of the vodka bottle before pouring us two rather large vodka & cokes. I could already tell I was tipsy, but this was undoubtedly going to get me drunk - Lucy had finished the vodka bottle, pouring us half vodka and half coke, absolutely crazy. Truthfully, she looked in a worse position than me already but that wasn’t going to stop me from some harmless flirting.

“So what do you study?” I asked politely, taking a sip of my drink.

“History…” She replied whilst doing the same, “…you?”

“Law…” I fired back, observing the liquid in her cup, and just how much more she’d drank than me.

“Oooo… the dark side.” She replied, gently hitting my arm.

“Noooo…history is the dark side.” I took a larger sip of my drink to try and balance out the difference - it going straight to my head.

“…Fuck off…” Lucy teased, shuffling her feet closer towards me, our bodies now only half a foot away from each other. “…history is great…yeah…it might be boring sometimes, but so Is law.”

“True…” She wasn’t wrong. “Law just seems more…formulated…you know?”

“I guess…” She said, scanning my body up and down before changing the subject. “Anyways…why are you drinking…I saw you running on the treadmill…”

“…errr….well…” I laughed, she had stumped me. I tried to put it back on her. “Why are you drinking…I saw your leg lunges…”

“…this is my reward…” She smirked, her eyes slowly lighting up.

The next few minutes was just pure chatter, in other words, me trying to flirt and see what would happen between us - if anything. We spoke about friends, who she knew at the party, what she wanted to do with her degree, I even joked that I’d take her out running, not my best chat up line but it seemed to make her laugh. The chit-chat had become so intense, I’d completely forgotten about my drink, letting it rest in my hand. Furthermore, I occasionally flicked my gaze downwards, checking out her body, whilst seeing her legs tightly glued together. There was a moment where I stopped listening to Lucy completely - I knew it was time to put my cards on the table.

“Do you…” I stopped myself, bringing the red plastic cup up to my lips and finishing what was left, hoping it would give me confidence. “Wanna go somewhere quieter?”

“…okay…” She replied, looking down her drink which was still half full “…let me finish this…”

“Sure…” I added, realising just how much I’d chugged, my throat still burning as I spoke. I placed my red cup on the side before nudging my body closer to Lucy’s, the wet material from my t-shirt caressing Lucy’s bare skin around her stomach. I felt a wave of sweat hit my body, my armpits instantly feeling warmer and my hands getting more sticky - further to this, my penis started to stiffen in anticipation, knowing I was going to have Lucy alone. I looked down slightly again, one, to stare at Lucy’s abs which were on show, and two, to check how much she had left to drink - her cup still half full.

“…down it…” I teased, glancing at her cup before flashing a smile. “…go on…”

“I can’t…” She protested, her face sulking in the process.

“There’s not thaaaaaat much…” I replied cheekily.

“You’re trouble…” She said, smirking at me, drink in hand.

“…I’m not…” I fired back, protesting may innocence, feeling Lucy’s bare skin on my t-shirt again as she rocked forwards - sending a shiver down my spine.

She brought the cup up to her mouth, taking a small sip before stopping herself “I can’t…”

“Boooooooo” I joked, nudging her arm, laughing slightly. “It’s fine…sorry…”

“It’s just…” Lucy stopped, crinkling her forehead. “…this is my second drink since I’ve been here…and…” Lucy eyes looked downwards, rather nervously towards her crotch. “…I haven’t broken the seal yet…”

“WHAT??” I was stunned, almost unable to speak, but it made sense, she had been shuffling around, rocking backwards and forwards and shoving her hand between her legs. She must’ve been bursting “…errrrr…when did you start drinking…?”

“Like…” She broke off again, placing the cup down on the counter before crossing her legs. “…8:30.”

This situation flashed my mind back to a night-out I’d had in first year. I was walking back home to my halls of residence from the club with my then girlfriend (now ex), and my then flatmate, Alice - who hadn’t said that she needed to go. The walk was easily 15 minutes, if not longer when drunk, and poor Alice must’ve been bursting the whole way. Thinking back, I don’t know why she didn’t find a small corner, or alleyway to nip into; it would’ve saved her from completely soaking her jeans outside our flat. It was such an awkward moment; Alice protested that she didn’t want to hold us up or make any fuss, hence why we didn’t stop, but if you’re on the verge of an accident, any reasonably person would stop and help - was all rather bizarre to me. It put reason in my head as to why Lucy had been holding it for so long, she was probably just embarrassed to say she needed to go, like Alice.

Here’s the thing though. Completely unaware to me, Lucy somewhat enjoyed the thrill of holding her pee; she’d done it many times before, occasionally not even making it to the bathroom - but she usually reserved those moments to when she was home alone. This scenario was just like any other to her, except, well, there was a boy involved. Lucy’s pee holding adventures usually ended with her in the bathtub, orgasming whilst spraying pee down the plug hole, or not making it, saturating her clothes before allowing herself to orgasm in them. Lucy hadn’t planned this hold, in fact, she had been planning to use the toilet before I came along - now she was in a bit of a predicament. Totally desperate.

Another thing that was unaware to me, she didn’t want to seem like a push-over, and any other night she would have downed the drink, no problem; but she was worried that her desperation might catch her out - any more fluid inside her and she might start leaking. Either, due to the alcohol making her more confident, or just because she was stubborn, she wasn’t going to let herself down - whatever the outcome.

“…go…” I jested, meaning for her to use the bathroom. “I’ll finish this…” But before I had chance to grab the plastic cup, Lucy swiftly took it out of my reach, and started chugging.

“LUCY!!” I shouted, maybe a little too loud, drawing attention to myself, my face flushing red.

“..fuck…” She said, under her breath, as the red plastic cup crashed back down onto the sink.

“You’re crazy!!” I replied, laughing, whilst watching her hands dig hard into her crotch.

Lucy eyes then painted a picture and spoke a thousands - literally. It was almost a copy of Alice back in first year, her eyes were wide open and her body frozen still. I was almost waiting for her jeans to slowly start turning a darker shade of blue, whilst getting wetter, because her body was in that half keeled over position - very reminiscent of Alice.

“…I think…” Lucy paused, her cheeks blushing. “…I just leaked…”

“…Shit…” I replied, already realising the severity of the situation. In one swift motion, I grabbed her hand, yanking her body to follow mine.

“Alex…Alex…stop a second….” Lucy cried, pleading my for me to stop - and I did, turning myself round.

“Can you see anything…? Her eyes making it obvious where to look.

“…nooo…you’re good.” To be honest, I didn’t take the best look, but I was 99% sure there was no stain.

As I marched on, I kind of assumed this would be something we’d joke about later on in the night after we’d fucked - you know? Like my hero moment, saving her from completely pissing herself at a party, which would have put her at rock body on the social ladder, I couldn’t think of anything more embarrassing.

I gripped Lucy’s hand tighter and forced my way through the crowds of people, on a mission to get Lucy to the bathroom. With Lucy a step behind me, I couldn’t see that she was digging her teeth down into her bottom lip, enjoying the thrill. Her thong was most definitely wet, but when wasn’t it? It took her thoughts down another route, the throbbing of her pussy made her want nothing more than to orgasm, and more importantly, to be fucked.

What felt like an eternity crossing the hallway must’ve only been about a minute; as we approached the small closet bathroom, round the corner and under the stairs. Still holding Lucy’s hand tight, I thought to myself; If there was a time in my life where I prayed that no-one was currently using the bathroom, now was that time. It must’ve been my lucky night because as I tried the door handle, it swung open, nearly smacking me straight in the face.

“…all yours…” I turned, addressing a quite visibly desperate Lucy.

“…come in with me??…” She pleaded, her eyes still wide open and her body half keeling over.

“…errr…what…” I didn’t have time to react as Lucy pulled me in, now yanking my body in her direction. Not losing may decorum, I swung the door shut as our two bodies squeezed into the cubicle style toilet; my back resting on the the sink that perched between corners of each wall.

“…fuck…fuck…” Lucy squealed under her breath whilst yanking her jeans and, now visible wet thong down to her ankles.

It was difficult not to look, I couldn’t exactly move myself round easily given the space, and I watched as Lucy started pissing herself before her bum had even reached the toilet seat. She had most definitely leaked before, as the front of her thong was saturated with dribbles of wee. A hissing sound started echoing around the tiny toilet, as piss splattered on the floor, then onto the seat before finally into the toilet bowl. Lucy moaned as piss violently forced its way out, her head tilted back, and her eyes tightly closed. I felt terrible for watching it all unfold but I was transfixed, I couldn’t take my eyes away from the main event.

“…fucking hell…” They were the only word I could muster for the whole situation.

“…sorry…” Lucy said, opening her eyes, warm urine still hissing out beneath.

“You good?” I asked, taking a peak at her wet pink pussy.

“…yeah…” Lucy paused, reaching for the toilet roll. “…I thought I was gonna piss myself completely…”

“…yeah…” I replied, figuring out what to say, glancing my eyes down towards her wet thong.

“Shitttt…” Lucy’s eyes briefly followed mine as she saw her wet thong below her ankles. “Fuckkkk…It’ll dry…”

I let out a small grimace as Lucy’s stream came to an eventual stop, I watched as she ripped three squares off the toilet roll and atoned to her wet pussy. It took me a moment to realise but Lucy spent more than just a second to wipe her pussy, and if you must know, she’d let one of her fingers break through the material, and edge to the entrance of her tight pussy. This all happened momentarily, and the next thing I knew, she was ready to get up.

As Lucy tried standing back up, her thong and jeans still around her ankles, her body crashed into mine due to the lack of space, causing her to lose balance - she wrapped her hands around my torso to steady herself. Instinctively, and instantaneously, without any need for thought, our lips crashed together.

Lucy forced me back, pressing me against the sink and somewhat small and dirty mirror sat on the wall. I thought for a moment that the pressure was going to crack the mirror but Lucy’s body eased slightly allowing me to apply pressure of my own. With her jeans and wet thong round her ankles, it allowed me to gently rest my hands under the curve of her bum; pulling upwards - forcing her into me.

Our lips hadn’t yet parted and I remember being desperate for a breath but I didn’t want to lose the intensity. Lucy’s hands had crept under my t-shirt, her fingers scratching and pulling at the skin at the side of my body. I followed suit, easing my hands further down her bum; I started to feel wetness on the upper insides of her legs - warm urine. It was hard to explain but the warm and wet feeling on her legs was so hot. Another thing that was hard and throbbing was my erect penis tucked away inside my jeans.

“You’re so fucking hot…” Lucy moaned as she broke away, before diving her lips back into mine.

Before she’d finished speaking, one of my fingers was resting gently on her pussy.

“Fuckkk…you’re soaked…” I moaned, letting out a gasp.

“Yeah…” she smiled, before letting out a little laugh, the exact same type that she’d done when we first met in the kitchen. “I told you I’d leaked…”

I couldn’t resist any longer and so gently slid my finger in; her tight pussy not resisting. Lucy broke away from my lips and opened her mouth, letting a moan creep out of her mouth (fuck). With her head titled back, I kissed her neck, sucking gently, not enough to leave a mark - that’s teenage behaviour after all.

“ALEX…” Lucy moaned as I eased my finger in and out, feeling how wet she was getting.

Selfishly, I knew I’d teased her enough, and it was time to get out of the cramped toilet and onto a bed - I was desperate to fuck her. Her tight body was incredible and I couldn’t think of anything better than being alone with her, just not in a cramped toilet. I somewhat knew the sex was going to be incredible.

“Let’s get out of here…” I said, easing my finger out of her pussy and towards my mouth, gently sucking it - to show how much I enjoyed the taste.

“LETS!!” Lucy replied, a smile forming on her lips as she reached down and pulled her jeans and thong back up.

*002*2022-08-03 17:02

THE PARK (PART 3)

The night was silent and I could almost hear my own heartbeat as Lucy swung me round the corner, the entrance to the park now in our view. I was getting those pre-sex thoughts, ‘Will I be good?’

‘How long will I last?’

‘Will she be tight?’ - I quickly stopped myself going down the loophole, I needed to pull myself together.

“It’s only five minutes through the park.” Thank god Lucy broke the silence.

“Sweet…my place is like ten minutes the other way.” I stopped myself. “So…makes sense.”

Sometimes I really did hate myself, at least Lucy understood what I meant.

Luckily, my chat was sufficient as Lucy and I entered into the park. The conversation was flowing even if it did jump between constitutional principles of the UK and what our favourite TV boxset was.

“Come oooonn” Lucy sighed.

“Yeah…what…I like it.” I replied, laughing to myself.

“Breaking Bad?” Lucy frowned, our eyes slowly meeting.

Lucy disagreed with my rather generic pick of ‘Breaking Bad’, “Honestly…you’re a basic white bitch.”

“Come on…that’s harsh.” I laughed, I mean, she was pretty right to be honest.

On the contrary, her favourite TV show was suits, which faired as a much better option - despite personally losing interest after season 5.

As we were conversing we slowly entered the park, the main path took you around the large grass area, by a small lake. Even in the dark and on a cold night in February, it was hard not to recognise the charm of the park. It linked the two main areas of student housing, and became a complete free-for-all in summer when exams had finished. My mind wondered as I remembered back to flinging myself off a blow-up inflatable the previous year - good times.

“Dare you to go for a swim…” I joked as wondered dangerously close to the edge of the lake.

Lucy stopped, and swayed rather drunkenly, “I’d die!”

We got halfway along the path, when Lucy swung me once more, leading us off the path and through a small break in bushes.

“There’s a wall at back we can jump over…” Lucy said, pulling at my arm. “Leads to my road.”

I nodded in reply, following her along the grass.

As we walked over the bushy terrain, I remembered - I’d been up this little path before, last summer. It had been an insanely hot and I’d been day drinking with my mates in the park, this was the little hiding where everyone would come to take a leak. It’s weird how little things trigger your brain, thinking of my previous experience last summer made me realise how much I currently needed to go. My bladder had been bursting ever since we left the house. It wasn’t like I couldn’t hold it; but parks, especially when dark, are ideal places for men to pee - that’s common knowledge. I did a quick, drunken scan around, before realising it was early morning, no one would be here.

“Can we stop real quick?” I turned, now facing Lucy.

“What’s up?” Lucy slowing her walk, to match my shuffling pace.

“Well…that whole toilet ordeal before…” I stuttered. “…I need to go…”

“Fine…” Lucy laughed to herself, bringing herself to stop. “Go on…”

I shuffled my feet, watching my step, whilst turning my body away from Lucy to face the stump of a tree. As I mentally prepared to expose my flaccid cock to the cold air, I could see a smirk forming on Lucy’s lips in my peripheral vision. I stopped myself.

What?!?…go on…” Lucy protested, clocking that I’d seen her smirk.

“What’s so funny…?” I asked, flashing a smile.

“N..n..nothing…” Lucy managed to squeak out before adding, “…just…”

“…what??” I interrupted her again, turning my body to face her.

“…well…I can see you…it…you know…” Lucy added, letting out a cheeky laugh.

I rolled my eyes at her, feeling a twinge in my bladder. All this stalling was making me desperate. “…I saw your thong…” I teased before turning away - remembering the saturated material as she pulled them back up in the toilet only fifteen minutes prior.

Her eyes widened and she pressed her lips together. “pervert!”

“At least I made it…” I added flirtatiously, hoping to embarrass her a little.

“…oi!!” Lucy moved across, her cheeks flushing red, and punched my arm, “I hadn’t gone in like hours…”

“…they were soaked!” I added, rolling my eyes again and letting out a little laugh. A picture flashed in my mind of Lucy splattering over the toilet seat as she pulled her thong down. The image then reminded me of my own desperation. My hands were now firmly placed on my belt, ready to un-do and go. It was strange, the feeling of knowing your about to pee almost makes you want to pee more; my cock twitched a little.

“I was fucking desperate…” Lucy replied before moving her hands to my shoulders and gently leaning her head in, pecking my lips. I reciprocated, easing my hands round her waist and pushing my lips against hers. She was a good kisser, not overly forceful, just working the top and bottom lip.

As she broke away, she pressed her lips together again, and her eyes flicked downwards, followed by her hand gently brushing against my boner. “…can you pee like that…?

“…yeah…” I gulped, knowing somewhat how uncomfortable it is to pee, forget aim, with an erection.

“…hmmmm…okay…” She replied as her eyebrows twitched, seeming unconvinced by my answer.

I rocked my head back in and our lips met again, this time firmer and harder. I could feel her hand gently caressing my rock hard dick over my jeans and it allowed me the opportunity to grab her skin and gently rub my thumb across her nipple. My mind had somewhat forgotten about the urge to pee but before I had any further time to indulge in her body, she broke away, again.

“Sorry…” She whispered, biting her lip. “You needed to pee…”

“Yeah…” I let out a nervous laugh, the urge to go now flooding back to me. “…I’m bursting…”

As I fumbled with my belt on my jeans I felt Lucy’s hand on mine. With only the buckle slightly undone, Lucy stopped me from going further. I flicked my eyes up to meet hers, confused with what she was doing.

“…what you doing doing?” I asked, somewhat passively, glaring at her.

“Sorry…” Lucy replied sheepishly, biting her lip in the process.

Taken aback, I moved my hands back down to finish undoing the buckle but was stopped again by Lucy.

“You should hold it…” Lucy said nervously, her hands still gripping mine, tightly holding the buckle of my belt.

“Lucy…I need to go…” I replied, thinking this was some kind of joke. “…kinda bad”

There was distinct pause between the two of us as the cogs in Lucy’s brain turned - thinking of a reply. Her eyes then lit up and even in the dark I could make out her face had an inquisitive look about it. “Ever like…you know…had an accident?”

“An accident…?” I frowned, shaking my head.

Lucy raised her eyebrows, “An accident…yeah…like…wet yourself.”

“Nooo…” I replied, unsure as to why this interested her so much. It caused my mind to wonder and made me think of Alice though, all those years back, having an accident outside the flat, so embarrassing. Further, all the talk of pee was starting to make me rather desperate - my bladder was starting to ache badly.

“…you haven’t had one?…not even wet the bed after a night out…” Lucy persisted, almost like it was completely unbelievable to her that I hadn’t had an accident.

“Not that I can remember…” I quickly slipped out “…I guess when I was young…you know.”

Lucy didn’t reply, she just watched my lips as I spoke before leaning in, pressing hard. As much as I was enjoying the weird questions and the kissing, my mind was somewhat preoccupied.

Lucy then broke away, her nose still touching mine “not even a little one…”

“…speak for yourself” I replied, almost arrogantly, before allowing my hands to slip down to her bum, pulling her up closer to me. I didn’t want to alarm Lucy but there an aching cry in my bladder, and I moved one my hands down the buckle on my belt to try and open it once and for all.

“Never say never…” Lucy fired back whilst blushing in the darkness, triggering her mind into reliving the events of the kitchen tonight.

Being as discrete as I could, I still couldn’t stop the clanking sound of my belt and Lucy quickly realised that I was trying to undo my buckle again. In a swift motion, she stopped me, guiding my hand back to bum. “Hold it…” she teased, forcing a smile.

As her eyes burned, looking deep into mine, it was hard to describe the feeling; like we both wanted to rip each others clothes off and fuck - but also not. There was a suspense about the situation; a late night in a dark park, hands glued to each other - one wrong move could end in disaster. I pulled on Lucy’s butt which forced her to meet my lips and we kissed aggressively. Lucy then edged down and gingerly bit the side of my chin, making me pull away.

The fire in Lucy’s eyes burned stronger and she tilted her head, looking down towards my crotch, “There’s always a first time you know…”

“Lucy!” I sighed under my breath, my bladder aching in suspense. “Stop fucking around…”

My own arrogance had planted a seed in Lucy’s head. She wasn’t accident prone by any means, but she’d had her fair share of mishaps during her time at university, a prime example being tonight. Her mind flickered, and an idea blossomed, how good would it be to coerce a boy into his first accident. Her pussy started throbbing in excitement.

I watched as a smirk grew on Lucy’s face, slowly bitting her bottom lip, “…could happen tonight…”

Lucy flicked her gaze from my crotch back to meet my eyes. It took me a moment to realise what she was implying, I put that down to the booze, but I think I understood - having an accident. My dick twitched again in anticipation.

“Do you…” I paused, letting my mind wonder back through the events of the evening while looking at her toned legs, abs and well, frankly whole body, “…get off to this shit?”

“And what if I do…” Lucy’s eyes now burned as wide as the moon.

There was a distinct pause, not an awkward silence, but a moment where my mind contemplated what it would be like to piss my pants - humiliating. I couldn’t even remember the last time I wet myself, presumably as a kid - things then escalated quickly.

Lucy’s eyes, firmly focused on mine, sunk into the darkness of the night, my dick twitched harder this time and my mind shifted, surely I couldn’t do this?

“Stop fucking around…” I said jokingly, sort of hoping Lucy would back off and let me piss in peace.

Seemingly, my joking had egged Lucy on even more, she wasn’t fucking around. “You scared?”

“…what…I’ll just hold it…” I protested, letting out a nervous laugh. I couldn’t stress enough but all the talking had made me desperate - now would’ve been the ideal time to un-do my belt, pull my jeans down and piss against the tree.

“You sooo couldn’t hold it.” Lucy added, a cheeky smile growing on her face.

“I soooo could…” I replied, mimicking her pronunciation.

“…but your buuuuursting?” Lucy’s tone changed, it was almost sarcastic but in an endearing way. It made me realise she was deadly serious about this whole thing - and it didn’t help that I really needed to go.

“…errr…” My mouth had gone completely dry. The look in my eyes had given me away and I sighed under my breath, virtually giving in to her subtle taunts.

There was another pause before Lucy leaned forwards and dug her knee into my crotch area; I had to press my back against the tree just to stay upright. Lucy had read my face like a book, she knew I was desperate and was now in full control.

“I’ll let you cum inside me all night.” Lucy said as she pushed her whole body against me, whispering into my ear - adding a sexual breath at the end.

“…fuckkk…” I gasped and my eyes widened; a chill ran down my spine, my dick now firmly erect and throbbing. I could see a smile forming on Lucy’s lips..

“…it’s just an accident…” Lucy whispered, nibbling at my ear, whilst continually pushing her body against me. “…you sure you can hold it…”

“…Lucy…” I moaned under my breath. You couldn’t fault her effort. I felt somewhat cornered with no way out. Furthermore, all the talk really had got to my bladder - it was about to burst.

“Just relax your body.” Lucy added before making a playful hissing sound. “Hssssssss.”

As Lucy made the drunken, rather childish hissing sound, my body started to relax without my permission, only slightly, and I gently closed my eyes. I couldn’t believe what was going on; her delicate eyes had put me in a complete trance like state. Her persistence was starting to pay off.

“…have an accident…” Lucy teased, running her hand down my back, before sliding it under my t-shirt. The coldness of her hand on my skin completely taking me by surprise, shocking me almost. I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up.

“…oohhh…Lucy…” I sighed under my breath, opening my eyes and looking down slightly, almost startling myself. Lucy’s head followed mine; somewhat expecting to see my jeans slowly getting saturated - but there was nothing.

Despite my jeans being a lighter shade of blue, it was still difficult to make out the colour. The only real light provided to us was the moon and the flickering orange park lamp stood thirty or so metres away. Seemingly, it was still enough light for Lucy to realise nothing had come out - yet.

To make matters worse, or better (depending who’s side your on). Lucy swiftly moved her hand from under my shirt to inside my thigh, gently brushing past my throbbing dick; in more ways than one.

“You can’t hold it can you…” Lucy teased again in my ear, allowing her fingers to gently find the tip of my erect cock which sat tight in my jeans. “…you about to dribble…”

“Lucy…fuck…I can hold it…” I lied through my teeth, I really was about go - right here, right now.

“…Course you can…” Lucy’s endearing but sarcastic tone had returned. “awww…just wet your pants…”

I couldn’t deny, her tone of voice whispering in my ear was arguably one of the sexiest things I’d ever heard - I somewhat enjoyed it even if it was about pissing.

I couldn’t take it anymore, all the talking had completed flustered me. My eyes were now firmly closed, and body relaxed. Luckily, as the piss reached the end of my dick; my body stopped itself. ‘What the fuck was I doing?’ My brain wasn’t programmed for this. I quickly allowed myself to think back, I definitely could’ve held it to her place if we’d continued walking - no problem, easy. If I hadn’t stopped and brought this up, this whole situation would never have happened.

Back to reality, any movement, and my pee was actually going to come out. Surely there was still time to whip my belt off and piss against the tree?

“…Ohhh…just let goooooo…” Lucy breathed as she whispered, making it sound all wet in my ear. She was literally up against me and I could feel her small and rather succulent tits pressed up against my chest. It was sending my mind into overdrive.

I was using all my mental willpower to control my bladder from leaking but Lucy’s teasing and moaning was starting to hi-jack my thoughts. My bladder was screaming for release and my mind flashed back to the moment Lucy yanked her jeans and thong down in the toilet, spraying piss on herself, the floor and the toilet seat - her face is complete elation. The thoughts of her releasing had distracted my concentration, just for a moment - but a moment was all that was needed.

“…OHH…” I let out a slight moan and blushed hard but I was broken off.

Lucy was making that sensual hissing sound in my ear again, “Hssssssss.”

I felt a drop of piss leave the tip of my dick, instantly wetting and warming my boxers. My brain might not have been programmed to have accidents, but it was being completely overridden by Lucy at this exact moment.

Lucy must’ve known what she was doing because the more she nibbled and breathed sensually in my ear, the more the drops of piss slowly dribbled out of my erect cock. It was just the odd, small dribble to start - my brain clearly still trying to resist and tell me I could hold it. Adding further resistance were my boxers, but only for another second or two as I felt them unable to contain anymore urine, allowing one of the tiny dribbles of warmth to escape and slowly start running out, a small rivulet now heading down my shaking inner thigh.

“…fuck…Lucy…OHH…I’m pee…” I moaned under my breath, not even managing to finish as Lucy caught my words, moaning harder into my ear. The first few dribbles of pee had now saturated into my jeans, creating a small, coin like, dark spot, evidently felt by Lucy’s hand. I could tell my face was turning dark red in embarrassment.

“…OOHH…your peeing yourself…” Lucy teased, moaning and taunting me - her body now firmly up against mine, gently pressing her knee into my crotch area. She was obviously extremely proud of herself and continually breathed hard into my ear, occasionally adding words of encouragement “…keep dribbling…soooo warm…soooooo wet…”

Despite the initial bliss of relieving myself and my desperation, the whole scenario quickly washed over me; and my chest felt heavy. There was a deep shame, and feeling of embarrassment about having an accident at 21; let alone just standing in a dark park at night and pissing yourself. The thought of shame came and quickly went, my mind was somewhat pre-occupied.

There was an issue, now I’d started peeing, I couldn’t really stop. It was only coming out in small dribbles, but the small, coin like spot was now the size of a tennis ball, and my inner thighs were warm, hot almost - admittedly, feeling nice, countering the cold February night. My tight blue jeans had sagged a little, and now stuck to my legs. Lucy, clearly living her best life as she’d coerced me into this accident, moved her hand following the wetness, down my thighs and then back up, finishing under my t-shirt - her hand sticky from the wee.

A moment later, as warm urine continued to dribble out of my penis, Lucy pressed just below my stomach, catching me completely off guard.

“…fuck…LUCY…I…I can’t hold it…” Instantaneously I started aggressively spurting hot piss hard into my pants, I couldn’t hold it - I was well and truly now having an accident. Even if my brain did want to override, nothing was stopping the hot urine coming out of me.

“…Mr I’ve never had an accident…” Lucy whispered in my ear; happy with the job she’d done. She eased the pressure on my bladder, and returned her hand to my now, warm and soaking thighs.

The relative silence of the night was broken by an audible hissing, as I pissed firmly into my pants. I didn’t want to look down at the mess but I could feel my jeans totally stuck to me and the warmth of urine burning my legs. Lucy moved her head from my ear before gently pecking my lips; and letting out a sharp sensual breath.

“…fuck…fuck…fuck” I moaned, almost whimpering like a child as my bodily needs just took control. My eyes were now firmly locked with Lucy’s and there was a vulnerability about them that I hadn’t seen before - a caring look.

“Shhhhhhhh…” Lucy responded whilst cupping her lips with mine, “…your first accident.”

Her response was humiliating, somewhat like a mother, and that further exacerbated my child like feeling; being told to stay silent whilst completely pissing your pants. To answer my previous question though, she clearly got off to this shit. Lucy’s lips briefly met with mine again and then that was it, the ordeal was over - I’d stopped pissing. I took a deep breath as Lucy moved her wet hand from my leg, slightly braking away from me.

“…thought you could hold it…” Lucy teased, pushing her hair back as the words slowly fell out of her mouth; her puppy dog eyes scanning over my wet lower half - a smile slowly appearing on her face.

“…no…” I could only manage the one word as I had to catch my breath, my heart was battering against my chest as I processed the situation - I’d really just wet myself.

The first thing that hit me was the smell, a strong tang of urine heavily filled the air. I then looked down for the first time, my face instantly turning red again in deep embarrassment. There was a large arc on the front of my crotch where the pee had deeply saturated my jeans, followed by two large streaks running down the sides of my legs. I could even still feel some droplets running down my legs and falling off my ankles. I looked back up at Lucy, unable to speak.

Lucy’s eyes carefully watched over me as I gathered my bearings. Below her own jeans, she was so turned on that her pussy was currently rewetting her thong - that, along with the sight of a 21-year old who had been unable to hold it and so pissed their pants, filled her with immense pleasure.

“I can hold it…” Lucy pressed her lips together, pushing her body against mine, guiding her lips to my ear. “…that’s what they all say…”

This wasn’t Lucy’s first rodeo.

“…I…” I couldn’t speak. The reality of the whole situation fell on me like a bunch of bricks. I’d full on pissed myself. I could barely look Lucy in the eye. It had been her taunting that had completely tipped me over the edge.

Lucy, seeing that look in my eyes, gently moved her hands to my belt, finally undoing the buckle, before slowly sliding my saturated jeans down exposing my completely soaked boxers. Lucy’s whole body tingled with joy and pleasure as she saw the wet, saturated boxers - she lived for it.

The wetness from the wee had been keeping me somewhat warm but now exposed to the cold, I felt my cock start to shrivel, hide almost in embarrassment. It wasn’t shrivelled for long though as Lucy slowly leant in, caressing my lips whilst pushing her hand into my warm wet boxers and massaging my cock. There was one thing Lucy loved just as much as boys wetting themselves, and that was seeing them cum in their own pants.

“…OHHHHH…Lucy!” I had to pull my lips away. My mind hadn’t even had time to process the accident and now it was over the place again.

“Mmmm-hmmm…” Her mouth had returned to my ear and she moaned ever so quietly.

I closed my eyes, her stroking rhythm was so god damn perfect. I almost forgot that I’d just pissed my pants - she really was sending my mind into total bliss.

“…fuck…Lucy…” I moaned under the breath, tilting may head back; her hand was falling down my shaft and then steadily coming back up - the wetness from the urine acting like a lube which aided Lucy.

“You must’ve be soooo desperate…” Lucy teased, nibbling at my ear. I’d already heard these words a minute earlier for my accident but my god, they were working again.

With her other hand, Lucy pulled up her top; exposing her small, succulent breasts. Her nipples being fully erect.

“…fucking hell…” My cock twitched as a reaction; I was sure it hadn’t even been a minute yet but Lucy’s hand, and now body, was sending my mind into serenity. I could barely take it anymore.

“…let go…” It was almost a carbon copy of before. Lucy breathed as she whispered, making it sound so wet in my ear. She shifted her body so I could place my hands on her tits - I was in heaven.

“…fuck…I’m gonna…” I wanted to say blow, but it was Lucy, who once again had total control, cutting me off.

“…you can’t take it…can you?” Lucy knew full well I couldn’t take it.

A moment later, with my head fully tilted back, “OHHH…fuck…Lucy…fuck”.

The combination of Lucy moaning and nibbling on my ear, and increasing the depth of her strokes, coming right down to my balls took me well over the edge. In one swift motion, she pulled my throbbing cock down, before easing it gently back up, manoeuvring her finger so it brushed over the tip of my penis. Warm, sticky cum exploded out, the majority of it saturating my already wet boxers, leaving a trail as gravity took its course; the rest sticking to Lucy’s fingers.

“OHHHH…fuck…” My dick violently throbbed and with Lucy continually moaning hard into my ear, I couldn’t stop myself leaking out cum. Her hand kept tugging and the head of my dick popped out the top of my boxers; the cum now shooting directly onto my stomach.

Lucy then slowed her rhythm, returning her eyes to meet mine, allowing the last few dribbles of cum to fall onto the floor below. She briefly wiped her fingers on my inner things, which were still warm and wet from the wee, before easing my wet, sticky, and now full of cum boxers back over my cock - causing a slapping sound as the elastic hit my skin. I inhaled sharply, firstly, due to the fact my boxers were still soaked in piss, and secondly, because this was the first time I’d ever cum in my pants. I could feel my balls sticking to the material of my boxers, purely from the cum. Lucy then cheekily wiped the back of her hand down my t-shirt; which now stuck to stomach, also from the cum, before carefully sliding my jeans up and re-fastening my belt.

“We should get going…” Lucy broke the silence, raising an eyebrow in anticipation, licking some excess cum off her fingers.

“…yeah…” I took a deep breathe, still rooted the spot - completely absorbed by her.

“…Mr I’ve never had an accident…” She joked sarcastically again, looking down, my jeans now a permanently darker colour.

“Fuck off!” I pushed her away gently, letting out a half smile.

“I told you…” Lucy said whilst turning, as we took our first steps away from the tree, heading towards the wall.

“What…?” I replied, trying to minimise the squelching sound as I walked. The easiest way to combat it that I’d found was just to shuffle my feet.

Another smile appeared on Lucy’s face, "Everyone has an accident…”

“You better not tell anyone…” I jested, as we slowly approached the wall.

“Its your turn now…” Lucy had ignored my question and flashed me a smile, taking my hand in the process.

Yes - it was my turn to take control.

