My first attempt at an omorashi fic

Author: mycatisdumb

*000*2021-10-01 01:22

(So uhhhhh. This is my first real try at writing omorashi. A few things before I post the actual story:

These are characters from a not-omorashi-related novel I'm writing; as such, their names have been changed, and some details are a little vague. For obvious reasons, I don't want to risk anybody I know recognizing these characters. I know it's really unlikely but I'm paranoid lol.

Also, one of the characters is an abuse survivor. It's not really discussed but if you're super sensitive to that stuff, be careful.

Anyway, here we go. Constructive criticism is appreciated ofc, but please don't be too harsh haha)

They were on the way home from a party when it happened. The party was a few hours away from their house—Matthew didn’t even want to go in the first place, but it was a work party so he felt obligated to, plus Kaleb had insisted it’d be good for them to get out, and he never could say no to Kaleb. There’d been plenty of drinks and snacks, and overall it hadn’t been a bad experience—he’d spent most of it eating chips, but Kaleb had had a lot of fun running around talking to everyone. Matthew admired Kaleb’s friendly, extroverted nature, especially after everything he had been through.

They had also both discovered a particularly spicy bowl of salsa. While Matthew enjoyed it, Kaleb wasn’t used to spicy foods and had to chug many cups of water after trying it. At the time, it didn’t occur to Matthew that that water was going to need a way out at some point, or that he hadn’t seen Kaleb use the bathroom once, even though he himself had gone several times. It was dark by the time they left the party; the weather had gotten chilly, and even Matthew, whose body temperature ran quite hot, shivered without a jacket. Kaleb, painfully thin as he was, was shaking uncontrollably from just the short walk to the car. As soon as they got in, Matthew switched on the heat.

“It got cold real fast,” Matthew commented.

Kaleb nodded, wrapping his arms around himself as his teeth chattered. “It did,” he managed to get out.

The car heated up quickly as he pulled out of the driveway and began the long drive home. Soon it was pleasantly warm. As usual, Kaleb was staring out the window, entranced by whatever it was he saw. He loved to look out the window on car rides. Matthew smiled to himself.

“Did you have fun?” Matthew asked after a couple minutes, knowing the answer already.

Kaleb nodded. He was still trembling a little, but it had mostly died down. He didn’t speak, though. That was the first sign that something was wrong. Figuring he was just tired, Matthew dismissed it and kept driving.

About ten minutes later, Matthew noticed Kaleb was moving in an odd way. He was too focused on the road to understand what was going on, but Kaleb was squirming around like he was uncomfortable.

“You okay?” he asked. Kaleb nodded, but kept silent. Matthew felt his brow knit together with concern. “You sure? You’re being quiet. Are you cold?”

“I’m okay,” Kaleb said.

His body stilled for a while, but after another ten minutes he was moving again. Matthew was puzzled.

“You absolutely sure you’re okay?” he asked.

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Kaleb bite his lip—a sure sign he was nervous. Okay, now Matthew knew there was something wrong.

“I just, um—” Kaleb wasn’t looking at him. “Kinda need the bathroom.”

“Oh, that’s it?” Matthew started paying attention to the road signs. “I’ll find somewhere to pull over.”

“No, it’s okay,” Kaleb said quickly. “I can wait.”

“Kaleb, it’s like a three hour drive,” Matthew said. “Even if you can wait that long, you shouldn’t.”

“I—” Kaleb’s face reddened, all the way to the tips of his ears. “I, um… can’t… go.”

Matthew blinked. “Huh?”

“When I get nervous,” Kaleb said, “I can’t go. And I… I usually get nervous if I try to go in public. So I can’t go in public.”

Matthew was silent for a second, processing that. Then: “You’re… bladder shy?”

“Yeah,” Kaleb mumbled, pressing his hands down on his knees.

“Uhhh,” Matthew said. “Shit. Okay, we’ll figure something out.”

“Let’s just go home,” Kaleb said, his face bright red. “Please?”

“Well, I—I mean—” Matthew struggled to find the words. “In theory that’s great, but like I said, it’s gonna be a few hours.”

“I can wait,” Kaleb said again.

Matthew sighed. There was no way Kaleb was going to be able to wait three hours if he already had to go so badly he couldn’t hide it, but he also didn’t want to force Kaleb into a situation where he’d be uncomfortable and anxious.

“Is… this a trauma thing?” he asked. He knew that was blunt, but he also knew Kaleb wouldn’t mind.

Kaleb nodded slowly. “Yeah,” he said.

“Do you think talking about it would help?”

“Um—” Kaleb shifted in his seat. “I’ll tell you about it later. Right now I… I think it would make the situation worse.”

Yeah, he supposed talking about peeing probably would worsen Kaleb’s need, so he kept quiet. As he drove, he tried to come up with a solution. There had to be some way for Kaleb to go.

“Could you go, like, behind a tree or something?” he asked.

Kaleb shook his head. “That’d be even worse than a bathroom.”

“Do you wanna try to go?”

Kaleb shook his head again. “I… already tried, at the party. I couldn’t.”

“Yeah,” Matthew said, “but you probably have to go worse now. Maybe…”

“I still don’t think I’d be able to,” Kaleb said. “No matter how bad I have to go, I just can’t.”

“How has this never come up before?” Matthew asked.

Kaleb shrugged. “I can hold a lot.”

Matthew thought back to all the times they’d been away from home. He supposed there’d always been a hotel or something, somewhere Kaleb could feel comfortable going. This was the first time they’d been stuck three hours from home while Kaleb had to go. It made sense that Kaleb had a large bladder, too—he guessed the poor guy had been made to hold it by his abusers. The thought made him feel a little sick. He didn’t want Kaleb to go through that again here.

“Are you sure you don’t wanna at least try?” Matthew asked.

“I’m sure,” Kaleb said. “I just wanna go home.”

So they drove on. He watched Kaleb in his peripheral vision. Kaleb’s face was still pink and he was still squirming—he was squirming more and more, in fact, as time went on. After about half an hour he heard a little whimper and saw Kaleb’s hand shoot to his crotch. Okay, that was concerning.

“Kaleb…” Matthew took one hand off the wheel to run his fingers through his hair—his own nervous habit. “I can’t just let you suffer.”

“There’s nothing you can do,” Kaleb said, his tone pleading. “Please, let’s just go home.”

“Can you please try to go?” Matthew asked. “For me?”

Kaleb chewed his lip, but slowly nodded. “Okay. For you.”

“Thank you,” Matthew said.

He pulled over at the next gas station and got out. Kaleb got out a second later, moving stiffly. He was doubled over a little. Matthew winced at the thought that it was already that bad. With any luck, though, he’d soon be comfortably empty. Kaleb looked pale and tired under the white lights of the gas station, and as soon as the cold hit his skin he was shivering again. He had taken his hand off his crotch, but as they walked into the gas station it found its way there again.

“Okay,” Matthew said as they approached the bathrooms. “I’ll be right here, okay? Or—does that make it worse? I can go outside if—”

“It’s okay,” Kaleb said. “I don’t mind you being around. It’s… everyone else that makes me nervous.”

Matthew nodded. “I’ll be right here, then.”

Kaleb hobbled into the bathroom. Several minutes passed. Matthew was internally praying Kaleb would be able to go; his heart sank when Kaleb came out looking just as stiff and shook his head.

“I can’t,” Kaleb said softly.

“Okay,” Matthew said. “It’s okay. We’ll find a solution.”

“Let’s please just go home,” Kaleb said.

“It’s still, like, two and a half hours, though.” Matthew exhaled deeply. “I don’t want you to hold it for that long.”

“I…” Kaleb swallowed hard. “I don’t have a choice.”

Matthew couldn’t argue with that. Silently the two of them went back out into the cold, out to the car, and got in. As soon as his butt hit the seat Kaleb was squirming again, violently this time. He pressed down on his crotch with his palm, trying to grind himself into the seat. Matthew felt terrible for him. He couldn’t imagine being that desperate and not being able to go.

“Okay,” Matthew said. “I’m gonna drive as fast as I can without getting pulled over.”

Over the next half hour, Kaleb’s movements got more and more jerky and strained. His face was red and he couldn’t stop moving. Matthew snuck glances at him, trying to determine just how bad it was getting. There were still a couple hours until they’d reach home, and Kaleb was clearly on the verge of bursting. He was holding himself constantly now, his hips jerking in an attempt to relieve the pressure.

Matthew cleared his throat. “You know,” he said, “if you, uh, can’t hold it, I won’t be mad.”

Kaleb’s face blanched. “You mean if I… wet myself?”

“Yeah,” Matthew said. “Not that I’m saying you’re going to, but if you do. Just so you know.”

Kaleb shook his head frantically. “I won’t. I—I can’t.”

Matthew wasn’t sure if Kaleb meant he couldn’t in good conscience or that he was physically incapable of doing so. Or both. Probably both.

“Do you wanna try—” Before Matthew could finish his sentence, Kaleb was shaking his head again.

“I just wanna go home,” Kaleb said.

“I know, but…” Matthew sighed. “It’s gonna be a couple hours.”

“Hasn’t it been already?” Kaleb asked. Matthew looked over to see his eyes were glistening in the car’s headlights. That wasn’t a good sign.

“It’s a long drive,” Matthew said. “Like I said, even if you are capable of waiting that long—which for all I know you may be—you really shouldn’t.”

“There’s no other choice,” Kaleb said, chewing his lip.

That shut Matthew up for about another half hour. By that point, Kaleb was writhing in his seat, clutching himself so tightly his knuckles were white. That couldn’t be good for him. He gasped suddenly, his back arching, and alarm bells went off in Matthew’s head as he saw, through Kaleb’s shirt, the shape of his bladder bulging out between his hips.

“Kaleb,” Matthew said, keeping his voice soft, “I’m getting really worried. Can you please try to go again?”

“Please—” Kaleb choked out, rocking from side to side. “Please can we just go home?”

“Your bladder is… I mean, it’s visible.” Matthew shook his head. “I can see it. There’s no way that’s healthy. I don’t want you to rupture something.”

“I’ll be fine, just—please.” He sniffled miserably, wiping his eyes with the hand that wasn’t on his crotch. “I just wanna go home so I can pee.”

Another half hour of driving. There was about an hour left, but Kaleb’s condition was only worsening. He rocked back and forth, holding his crotch with both hands now, biting back tears and whimpering every few seconds. His bladder stuck out farther than Matthew had previously thought it was possible for a bladder to stick out; it was clearly full to the absolute brim, and it was getting fuller with each passing minute as Kaleb’s kidneys processed more and more of what he had drank. Suddenly Kaleb gasped and jerked his hips upwards, his tears spilling over at last.

“Oh god,” he whispered.

“Hey,” Matthew said, sensing he was on the verge of losing it. “It’s okay—”

“It’s not!” Kaleb whipped his head from side to side so hard Matthew worried he’d give himself whiplash. “I—I can’t—the car will—get dirty and—”

“We can get it cleaned,” Matthew said gently.

Kaleb just kept shaking his head. “I can’t.”

They drove on, but Matthew was so distracted with worry at this point he could hardly drive. He could only think about Kaleb squirming next to him, his bladder up to his navel, his crotch held in a vice grip, tears streaming down his face. Somehow, another half hour passed. Kaleb was sobbing now; Matthew could tell he was trying to keep quiet, but it wasn’t working. Even with the radio playing in the background, he could hear every whine and cry Kaleb let out.

“Almost there,” Matthew said, trying to be reassuring. “You’ll get to go soon.”

“How long?” Kaleb asked, his voice near-hysterical.

“Uhhh,” Matthew said, suddenly realizing half an hour was probably a lot longer for Kaleb than for him. “About half an hour.”

Kaleb sobbed harder. Okay, so that didn’t help. Kaleb bent over, one hand moving up to cradle his distended bladder. As soon as he touched it he gasped loudly, his eyes widening and brows drawing together. He returned both hands to his crotch.

“That must hurt, huh?” Matthew murmured, and Kaleb nodded tearfully. “Okay. Almost there. We’re almost there.”

Kaleb changed positions constantly, presumably unable to get comfortable with such a full bladder. If his expression said he was in agony, his bulging bladder said so even louder. Matthew couldn’t even comprehend the idea of holding that much. There must have been liters and liters contained in Kaleb’s poor bladder.

About ten minutes from home, he heard a strangled cry from Kaleb, and Kaleb’s movements came to a sudden stop. He looked over to see Kaleb’s eyes wide with horror, his body still.

“Hey,” Matthew said soothingly. “It’s okay if you’re—”

“I’m not,” Kaleb gasped out. “I can hold it. I can.”

He was doubled over with his head practically touching his knees, his hands wrapped around his crotch. He sat like that for the rest of the drive. Finally, finally, they pulled into the driveway.

“We’re here,” Matthew said.

Kaleb didn’t respond; Matthew wasn’t sure he had even heard him. He was staring straight ahead, eyes huge, his whole body trembling with need. Matthew got out of the car and went around to Kaleb’s side. He opened the door. What he didn’t take into account was that this would hit Kaleb with a blast of cold air. Kaleb gasped, squeezing his eyes shut as more tears rolled down his pale cheeks.

“Shit,” Matthew muttered. “Sorry. Sorry. Come on, let’s get you inside.”

He gently tugged Kaleb’s shoulder. Kaleb raised his head.

“We’re home?” Kaleb whimpered.

Matthew nodded. “We’re home.”

Kaleb moved painstakingly slowly, swinging his legs over the side and standing, never letting go of his crotch. When he was in a standing position, his full bladder was even more apparent. He took a few staggering steps toward the house, then froze.

“I can’t,” he cried out, doubling over where he stood.

“Okay,” Matthew said. “It’s okay. Just let go if you have to.”

“No!” Kaleb sobbed helplessly. “I can’t. I can’t—”

A few more steps. Matthew followed him, his heart aching with sympathy. After three hours in the car, even Matthew had to go a little bit, but he was nowhere near as desperate as Kaleb. Kaleb continued on in this manner, stopping every few seconds to clutch himself and squeeze his legs together. He was shaking all over, and Matthew knew it wasn’t just because of the cold. He really hadn’t thought Kaleb would be able to make it, but at last Kaleb reached the front door. Matthew fumbled for his key and quickly unlocked it. Kaleb shuffled inside, his thighs glued together.

“Almost there,” Matthew said.

Slowly, so slowly, Kaleb made his way toward the bathroom. Matthew trailed behind him, murmuring encouraging and soothing words, reassuring him it was okay if he couldn’t hold it, everything was going to be okay, he was going to be okay. To Matthew’s amazement, he reached the bathroom and slipped inside; Matthew closed the door for him. He had actually made it without wetting himself. That was a miracle if Matthew had ever seen one. He suspected no normal person would be able to hold it this long—Kaleb’s fear must have kept his bladder firmly shut.

He stood outside the bathroom door, waiting for Kaleb to come out so he could comfort him, but even standing right there, he couldn’t hear Kaleb going. Puzzled, he knocked on the door.

“You okay?” he asked.

“My zipper,” Kaleb cried through the door. “I can’t get—I can’t—”

Matthew opened the door. Normally he would never without asking, but this was an emergency—Kaleb clearly needed help. He was standing there, hands on his crotch, face streaked with tears.

“I can’t take my hands—off—”

“It’s okay,” he said, seeing the problem immediately. He crossed the bathroom in under a second and pulled down Kaleb’s zipper in one fluid motion, then quickly made his way out, avoiding looking at Kaleb. He closed the door behind him, expecting to finally hear a stream start, but—still nothing. He could hear Kaleb’s sobs.

“Somethin’ else wrong?” he asked, knocking gently again.

“I can’t go,” Kaleb said.

“Uhhh,” Matthew said, his heart starting to pound. “What do you mean?”

“I just can’t!” Kaleb sounded panicky, and Matthew felt the same. Had Kaleb seriously damaged something?

“Okay,” he said gently, talking through the door. “Just relax. You’re too tense. You gotta relax.”

Nothing happened. Just as Matthew was starting to debate hauling Kaleb to the hospital, he heard a trickle. Thank god, he thought. Encouraged by this, he kept talking.

“I’m right here,” he said. “I’m right here, and I’m not mad at you, and you’re safe. You’re gonna be okay.”

The trickle turned into a stream, and he heard Kaleb exhale shakily. Satisfied, he stepped away from the bathroom door; he didn’t particularly enjoy the idea of listening to his best friend pee, he’d just wanted to make sure he was able to. It was a good few minutes before the door opened. Kaleb stood there, red-faced.

“I’m so sorry,” he said before Matthew could speak. “I—I’m so sorry, I—”

“You have nothing to be sorry for,” Matthew said.

“I almost wet myself in your car,” Kaleb said, a fresh wave of tears pouring down his cheeks. “I—I’m so stupid and gross and I’m sorry—”

Matthew stepped forward and pulled Kaleb into a hug. He could feel Kaleb shivering against him. Kaleb’s knees gave out, his body sagging with exhaustion; Matthew slid his arms under Kaleb’s legs and carried him into his bedroom. He gently deposited Kaleb in bed.

“You’re not gross,” he said, “and you’re not stupid, and you have nothing to be sorry for. You’re okay. I’m just glad you were able to go. I was really, really worried.”

Kaleb sniffled, wiping his eyes. “Really? You’re really not mad?”

“Really,” Matthew said. “I’m really, really not mad.”

“Thank you,” Kaleb whispered.

“I didn’t do anything,” Matthew said.

“You talked to me,” Kaleb said. “I wouldn’t have… I mean… I don’t know if I would have been able to go otherwise.”

Matthew sat on the bed next to him. “Does it still hurt?” Kaleb nodded. “You want me to rub your back?”

Kaleb sniffled again. “Would you really not mind that?”

“Not at all,” he said.

Kaleb rolled onto his front, and Matthew’s hands worked their way into his lower back. It didn’t take long for Kaleb’s breathing to steady and his eyes to flutter shut. Matthew kept rubbing his back for a few minutes after he fell asleep, then got up slowly to avoid waking him. He looked down at Kaleb’s sleeping, peaceful face.

“Sleep well,” he murmured, then left the room.

*004*2021-10-24 03:57

{{On 10/1/2021 at 1:23 PM, RandomWetName said:

I always appreciate more male omo fic! My only feedback would be that I would’ve liked to know some more about what the characters look like. Otherwise great story!

}}

{{On 10/1/2021 at 7:52 PM, notthewees said:

Thanks!

Pee-shy boys just making it home and displays of brotherly compassion both really tickle my pickle.

}}

{{On 10/2/2021 at 3:21 AM, wizard-jenkins said:

This is so wholesome! I love it.

}}

Thanks y'all! I was hesitant to say much about their appearances because again I'm paranoid about people somehow figuring out who the characters are lol, but I'll definitely keep that in mind

