Léa and Daniel

Author: mikey mike

*000*2022-03-18 05:53

Léa and Daniel

Preface

I am writing this story as a “spin off” from Ondinist’s very successful “Valerie” series of stories that he published in the stories forum on here some while ago. Just so you are aware I P.M’d Ondinist and he replied to me a few days ago and gave me his blessing with doing what I’d proposed.

For those new members on here or those who’d simply like to read it again, Ondinist Published all the chapters in P.D.F. form that can currently be downloaded from page 112 of the Omorashi and peeing fiction forum. Now onwards with the story...

Chapter one;

After dinner with Daniel and her mother in her flat that evening Léa had walked hand in hand with Daniel back to the coach station in central Paris because Daniel had to be back in London for a maths tutorial at Imperial College bright and early on Monday morning. Léa had walked beside Daniel to the stand where the coach for London was due to arrive and they stood there huddled together against the biting cold wind. Léa felt happy and comfortable with Daniel and their day together had passed so fast. She’d been so surprised to see him that morning; after confessing to him about her “accidents” in that e-mail, she’d hardly expected to see him again; but today had changed everything. Daniel had kissed her before he’d boarded the coach, it hadn’t been one of those passionate kisses that you often see at partings like that, but it was a kiss that was full of love none the less.

Daniel had been one of the first on board and had taken a window seat near the front and pressed the flat of his hand against the window; she’d pressed her hand against his.....

There had been a hiss of air from the coach’s brakes and as it had started to move she saw him mouth “I love you” through the glass.

Running back to the road she watched his coach join the traffic on the main road and slowly disappear out of sight.

“Did he make the coach alright Léa? Her mother had asked almost as soon as she entered the flat. “He’s a lovely boy isn’t he and already I’m starting to like him very much,”

“He is mama, we had a wonderful time together today and I’m already looking forward to going to Imperial later this year.”

Hélène Put the magazine down that she had been reading and said “you were out for a long time today Léa; I assume everything was alright and that you; well you know; didn’t have any problems? Things seem to have been much better for you since you went to stay with my friend Angela’s daughter; Valerie wasn’t it?”

Léa felt her face colouring slightly as she said “Yes mama it was Valerie, she taught me so many things....”

Héléne once again nodded; I saw the change in you as soon as you came home; the pretty new clothes and the quiet confidence in yourself that you’d never shown before; I felt really proud of you.”

Léa felt her eyes filling with tears as she embraced her mother. “My trip to London changed so many things mama; Valerie and her sisters are wonderful girls.” Léa kissed her mother on the cheek before getting up from the couch and saying “it’s been a long day mama and I’m really tired. I know you’d like to talk some more, but do you mind if I have a shower and an early night? We can talk some more in the morning if you like”

Héléne smiled and nodded; “you go my darling; you’re right we can talk some more in the morning I know I’d like to.”

In her room Léa checked her phone for messages from Daniel, but there weren’t any. Instead she silently scrolled through the photo’s she’d taken today and set the selfie she’d taken of herself and Daniel as her new lock screen. It had been taken at the lake and just before their trip on the rowing boat. It was only then that she realized that she was still wearing those same panties; they’d dried on her and she really hadn’t noticed.....

Picking up her pyjama’s and a clean pair of panties she headed for the bathroom and once in there quickly stripped down to her underwear. She was about to take those off too when she had another idea and stepped into the shower enclosure with them still on and wee’d in them once more. As she moved forward into the cascading warm water she whispered; “that was just for you Daniel.”

*002*2022-03-20 08:04

Both Daniel and Léa knew that it was going to be at least a month before they had the chance to meet in person again; Daniel was working hard to finish his course work and a dissertation and Léa was working hard to get the best grades that she could in her baccalaureate. Maths had never been a problem to her, but she did tend to struggle a little with some of the other subjects. She did of course have the added incentive that if she did well that she’d be able to join Daniel studying at Imperial College in London.

Since that seminar where she’d stayed with Valerie and Valerie had offered her so much help she’d felt that Imperial was just so right for her; the new found love she had for Daniel played no part at all in that decision of course!

Things were better for her at her school too; the other six formers seemed to have a new found respect for her since her almost dramatic change of appearance, yet again thanks to Valerie, and the added bonus of being seen by some of them arm in arm with Daniel....

Her bladder problems were no longer an issue either. Valerie’s help both physical and mental in that respect had been invaluable and she no longer saw a pair of wet knickers as the disgrace that it once was, and Daniel’s obvious love of the subject meant that her knickers now sometimes got wet when she was on her own and out and about even if she still had easy access to a toilet....

Léa opened her laptop without the intention of doing much with it and putting it down beside her she and leaned back against the headboard, closed her eyes and thought back once more to the time in that rowing boat with Daniel; wet thoughts never seemed to be far away these days....

Her laptop beeped; it was an incoming Skype call.... could it be.....?

Léa grabbed her laptop and in her haste to answer the call she nearly rejected it.

“Hi Léa how are you?

“Daniel bonjour; I was not expecting this!

“Ok I’ll go if you like”

“No, no Daniel I am so happy; please stay and talk to me.”

Léa heard Daniel laugh; “I was only teasing you Léa I’m not going anywhere; not yet anyway. You’ll never guess who I literally bumped into today outside Harrods. I was bored; I miss you so much already Léa and I went for a walk around the west end. Come on Léa have a guess.”

“I cannot Daniel; I am not good with guessing; who did you see?

“It was your friend Valerie and I think the other girl was her younger sister; her name is Amanda I think; you know you introduced me to them after the seminar.

Valerie said you’ll be very welcome to come and stay at her flat whenever you like; you only have to ask. I’d like that too Léa; London in the spring is very beautiful; can you come over here soon; even if it’s only for a weekend?”

I don’t know Daniel.... I’m not sure.... I want to be with you, but.... Oh I don’t know it is very hard. Daniel I’ve never; How do you say; been with a boy before; Daniel I’m still a virgin.

So what difference does that make? Léa I can tell you that I’ve never been with a girl either; yes I’m a virgin too! I’m not asking you to jump into bed with me, I want you for what you are... who you are, not just some casual girl to have sex with!

Léa I love you and I want to be with you and well.... if things happen in the future that will be a decision that we make together and in the meantime I won’t be putting any pressure on you. Do you understand what I’m trying to say Léa?

Daniel you’re such a lovely boy and thank you.... thank you for all you have just said; it means very much to me. It’s late now and I need to talk to my mother and to Valerie. Can I Skype with you again tomorrow night?

Of course you can Léa take all the time you need. Léa heard Daniel laugh as he said “and Léa when you pack your bag to come over make sure you pack lots of pairs of spare panties won’t you?”

Léa laughed too; Daniel you are horrible! Such naughty thoughts!

Au revoir pour l’instant ma Chére!

Daniel blew Léa a kiss and their call ended.....

*003*2022-03-25 06:31

Early on Friday afternoon Léa got off the Eurostar at St Pancras and after arriving on the main concourse she looked around for Daniel.

“Léa, Léa over here” Daniel called out as he made his way towards Léa through the crush of people by the gate. They embraced as Daniel said it’s so good to see you again Léa. Is that your only case? Léa nodded her reply and Daniel laughed as he said “good let’s get out of here then; I know that you don’t like these sort of crowded places anymore than I do.”

Outside in the warm spring sunshine Daniel asked “what do you want to do now Léa; do you want to go straight to your friend Valerie’s flat?”

“No I can go there later Daniel” nuzzling in closer to him she whispered “I want to spend some time with you first Daniel; also as I believe you say in England I need to go to the toilet. Since that time on the boat in Paris I’ve been wetting my panties a lot and every time I’ve done it I’ve thought of you. And Daniel; I have done as you said when we Skype’d; I have many pairs of panties in my suitcase.”

Daniel felt himself starting to get aroused; he really hadn’t expected Léa to be this open with him, at least at this stage in their relationship! “Where would you like to go then Léa?” He asked.

Léa smiled at him; “is there a park close by Daniel; I really do need to go to the toilet.”

He couldn’t remember the name of it, but he knew that there was a park just past King’s Cross railway station about a fifteen minute walk away and told Léa about it. Léa giggled and said “I hope I can wait that long! Daniel picked up Léa’s case and hand in hand they began to walk, and once more Léa surprised him by her openness. “Daniel I have dark coloured panties on and I want you to see me wet them, but I didn’t want to wear panties that go; how do you say transparent when they get wet.”

“We usually say see through” Daniel replied; “and you must wear whatever you feel most comfortable with Léa; I really don’t mind.”

Léa smiled again and squeezed Daniel’s hand; “You are a lovely boy and thank you for being so understanding Daniel. Who knows; perhaps before the weekend is over I might wear white cotton panties that go; as you say; see through.”

Daniel felt his levels of arousal kick up another notch...

They were only a minute or two from the park when Léa suddenly stopped walking and bopped slightly before she said “Daniel I’m almost doing it; is the park much further?”

“The park gates are Just round this corner” Daniel replied; come on; I’ll help you.”

They made it in through the gates before Léa said “quickly Daniel; I need to sit down.... I need to sit down on the grass.”

Daniel watched as Léa’s legs almost seemed to buckle beneath her, but she did manage to pull her almost knee length black skirt up on the way down and had arranged her skirt and her legs in such a way that when Daniel had put down the suitcase and sat down in front of her on the grass he was easily able to see the pair of the black panties that Léa was wearing.

“I can’t wait any longer Daniel” Léa whispered before uttering a low moan; and straight away Daniel saw her panties start to glisten as Léa relieved her full bladder through them. He could see a small puddle forming between her legs and would have liked nothing more than to splash the tips of his fingers in it; but of course he knew that wasn’t possible without it drawing attention to what Léa was doing....

Daniel saw one more brief pulse of wetness surge through Léa’s panties before she said “that feels better Daniel; did you enjoy that, I was being such a naughty girl wasn’t I?”

Daniel didn’t reply in words, but leaned over and kissed Léa passionately.

Léa got up onto her knee’s and moved slightly away from her wet patch of grass before allowing her black skirt to fall back into place before she said “I am learning to enjoy the feeling of wearing wet panties Daniel and I am not going to try to change out of these ones before we do some more sightseeing. Who knows; I might even need to wee again before it is time to go to Valerie and Tom’s apartment.”

Daniel laughed; “well if you are wet when it’s time to go to Valerie’s, and I won’t mind a bit if you are, you won’t be able to sit on the seats in the underground train will you, as you’ll make the seat wet and that wouldn’t be good for other people would it? We’ll have to do what they call in London “strap hang.”

Léa look puzzled; “what is strap hanging Daniel?”

Gaining even more confidence after Léa’s little show for him, Daniel kissed her once more and said “well make sure your panties are wet again by the time we have to go to Valerie’s and I’ll be able to show you won’t I?”

*004*2022-04-01 06:25

By four, and after a large takeaway coffee and a bottle of water from a well known west end coffee chain, Léa whispered “Daniel I need the toilet again; do you know somewhere quiet that we can go; another park or something? I know we’ll have to go to Valerie’s soon but I want to wet these panties again before we do.”

Daniel thought quickly; “well there’s Hyde Park about fifteen minutes from here Léa; it’s a park full of trees and green open spaces; we can go there if you like; that is... well you know... if you think that you can wait that long.”

“It sound’s lovely Daniel; can we go there please?” Léa found herself squeezing Daniel’s hand as she whispered “well if I can’t wait that long it doesn’t matter too much does it; my panties have been wet today already haven’t they?”

“Come on then Léa it’s this way” Daniel started off by saying, and as they walked he said “Léa; your panties; are they dry again?”

“I think so Daniel; they don’t feel wet anymore now. Can I tell you a little secret?”

Daniel nodded so Léa continued “after I wet my panties in front of you in Paris I didn’t change them. I was still wearing them when we ate dinner with mama and when I went with you to the bus station. When I got back to the flat I wet them again before I had a douche... a shower still wearing them. Does that shock you?”

Moving them both to the side of the path, Daniel stopped walking. Putting down Léa’s case he put both his hands on her shoulders and drawing her close he said “why should that shock me Léa; I think what you did was wonderful and thank you for telling me about it. Perhaps.... well perhaps one day we can shower together; I’d really like that.”

He could see by Léa’s expression that perhaps he’d gone a step too far.... “Léa I’m sorry; that was crass.... bad of me I never should have said that; please forgive me.”

“There is nothing to forgive Daniel, perhaps one day that will happen; who knows what will happen in the future as I believe you English say; but for now can we please just enjoy what we have?”

Léa looked round and seeing nobody close she slipped her hand between her legs and briefly held herself through her skirt as she said “Daniel let us hurry to the park; I really need to go to the toilet now.”

As they entered the park Léa said “I’ve done a little Daniel; my panties are a bit wet again I think. Daniel, can we go over there on the grass so that I can sit down please?”

Daniel watched as once more Léa sat on the grass and carefully arranged her skirt around her before asking “do you want to watch me do it in my panties like last time Daniel?”

Much to Léa’s surprise Daniel said “I’d like that Léa, but actually there’s something else... something else I’d like to do very much.

It seems a bit... well unusual I suppose, but can I sit beside you and give you a cuddle while you do it.... I’d.... I’d love you to tell me all about it.”

Léa giggled and once more Daniel thought he’d said the wrong thing yet again, but he was wrong. Léa patted the ground beside her and held out her hand to him. Putting down Léa’s case and sitting down beside her he drew her close and with his head almost against hers Léa whispered “do you want me to tell you how it feels to make my panties wet Daniel; is that what you mean?

Daniel nodded; “yes Léa but only if you want to.”

Léa gave a little sigh; “I’m going to do it again now Daniel; I want it to happen. I’m going to wet my panties while I sit here; not just for you, but for me too; do you understand what I mean?” Daniel kissed the side of her face and whispered “yes.”

Léa sighed once more and Daniel heard a faint hissing sound and knew what was happening. He moved his head slightly to look at Léa’s face; she had her eyes closed and her mouth open slightly and knew straight away the level of pleasure she must be feeling, as without moving or opening her eyes she said “I’m doing it Daniel, my panties are wet again; I’m doing more now; Daniel this feels so good.”

Right from his early teenage years Daniel had often had fantasies about girls wetting themselves on purpose, but never in his wildest dreams had he ever expected to see, or in this case hear it happening. Now it had happened with Léa once in Paris and now twice here in London and he was forced to move slightly to make room for the growing bulge that was forming in his pants and jeans. The important thing was it wasn’t just the wetting aspect; he really and truly loved Léa for who she was, and was sure she felt the same way about him.

He felt Léa relax in his arms. She turned her head to kiss him before she said “I’m all finished now and my panties are very wet Daniel and I enjoyed very much you holding me like this while I was doing it.”

She moved away from him before getting up and onto her knees and saying “I think that it is time that we were going to Valerie’s apartment now Daniel; my panties are wet, so will you keep your promise and show me this “strap hanging thing” that you told me about?”

*005*2022-04-06 03:29

Léa was still laughing when they got close to the converted warehouse block in Limehouse where Valerie lived. “that was such fun Daniel; swaying about from the straps near the roof when the train went round corners or went faster or slower was so good; I only wish the trains on the Paris metro had straps like that! Now I am so happy that I’m going to see my friend Valerie again.”

Daniel felt a little downcast; he asked “do you want me to leave you at Valerie’s so that you can spend some time together?”

Léa’s reply was instant; “no of course not Daniel; I want you there with me too and I’m not going to change my panties; if she asks anything I know that my friend Valerie will understand.”

Léa didn’t elaborate, but Daniel could sense that there was more to Valerie and Léa’s friendship than Léa was letting on... He hoped that in time he’d find out what it was...

Valerie welcomed them both with open arms and it was clear that she was genuinely pleased to see them again and straight away invited Daniel to stay for dinner, before saying that Tom would be home at around six and that they’d be able to eat at around seven.

Valerie took them both through the lounge and out onto the balcony where they had a great view of the Thames. Daniel stood by the railings and marvelled at the view before he said this is such a beautiful place Valerie; you’re so lucky to be able to afford to live somewhere like this.”

Valerie laughed; “well actually I own this place and my sister Emily owns one too and Amanda will as well. When she’s twenty one the apartment she lives in now will be gifted to her in the same way as ours were. You see my father’s a property developer and a wealthy one; it was his money and staff who converted this almost derelict warehouse into these beautiful apartments you see here now.”

Daniel was amazed at Valerie’s openness but was to be even more surprised at what was to come later. His train of thought was broken by Valerie saying that she was going to open a bottle of wine and then asking him if he’d prefer a beer instead

Daniel chose beer and the three of them sat together having quite a conversation until Valerie looked at her watch and said “goodness is that the time? I really must get on with preparing the meal. I hope you don’t mind if I leave you two to it for a little while.” As she was about to leave the balcony Valerie added “don’t be afraid of telling me if you have any washing that needs doing will you Léa? You know that I completely understand.”

Once Valerie had gone Daniel whispered “what was that all about Léa?”

Léa took another sip of her wine and then sighed; “before I met Valerie I was very shy. You see Daniel; from when I was a girl I always had problems with holding on when I needed to go to the toilet and I wet my panties many, many times and I hated it; I hated myself too I think and I just wanted to hide away from everybody and everything, but when I found I’d been selected by my école... my school to go to London, I wanted more than anything in the world to go to the maths seminar at imperial.

This is going to sound strange, but Tom met me at Heathrow airport to bring me back here and..... well I wet my panties in front of him just before we got back to the apartment. I wet in front of a man; you cannot imagine how I felt Daniel.”

Daniel nodded as he saw tears beginning to appear in Léa’s eyes and just as quickly she brushed them away with the back of her hand before she continued.

I was crying when I entered the apartment and then Tom told Valerie what had happened. Valerie was very nice to me and at first I thought she was just being Kind, but after I had changed Tom left us to talk.

I could hardly believe it when Valerie said to me that wet panties were nothing to worry about and that she and her sisters did it a lot too. I remember Valerie laughing and saying “my sisters and I know that so long as you are wearing the right clothes wearing wet panties is much more comfortable than having to hold on.” That changed everything for me and I felt that I was no longer alone. Valerie helped me get what I think you call a makeover; new clothes, new makeup and new hair style, and most of all she taught me how to, as you say “make use” of my panties if I needed to.”

Daniel was amazed; from none a few weeks ago, he now knew of four girls that wet themselves; not that he’d mention to Valerie and her sisters that he knew about their little secret of course!

He was suddenly aware of Léa speaking to him again and the words simply tumbled out of her....

“Then on my first day at the seminar I met you Daniel, I wanted to be with you but I was scared; scared that you would find out about my problem and not want to be with me anymore and even though Valerie said that she was sure there were many men who liked girls who wet their panties I still was not certain. Now I know that Valerie was right.”

At the end of a very convivial evening Valerie drew Léa to one side and whispered “Tom and I are happy for Daniel to stay over with you if you’d like him to.”

“Thank you Valerie” Léa replied; “but we both think it’s too early. Daniel is a caring and wonderful boy and I think we will both know when the time is right.” Léa smiled at Valerie as she added “I am wearing a pair of panties that will need washing though.” Valerie smiled her understanding.....

A little later Léa walked with Daniel to the front door of the apartment block and as she gave him a goodnight kiss she whispered “Daniel when we go out tomorrow I will be wearing white panties.”

The bulge that appeared almost straight away in the front of Daniel’s jeans told Léa all she needed to know....

*008*2022-04-10 03:18

It was nearly nine before Léa was up and showered on Saturday morning and she felt a tingle of excitement run through her as she stepped into the pair of white cotton panties with the pretty pink piping around the waistband and leg openings that she’d selected from her suitcase. They weren’t the briefest pair that she’d brought with her, but she was sure Daniel would enjoy seeing her wearing them. She felt tempted to have a little “fun” in them now as she could feel a slight need to go to the toilet building, but she resisted the urge; if she dampened them now she wouldn’t have the pleasure of making use of them in front of Daniel for the first time would she?

A white bra and a pretty light pink and short summery dress completed her ensemble and after adding a touch of makeup she wandered through to the kitchen to make herself her first coffee of the morning and was surprised to see that Valerie already had the coffee peculator on.

Hearing Léa entering the kitchen Valerie turned and smiled. “Morning Léa, Tom’s still asleep but I heard you moving about so I thought I’d get some coffee on the go. It’s nearly ready and I’ve opened the patio doors, shall we go out and sit on the balcony?”

Léa began to apologise to Valerie for waking her but Valerie put up her hand to stop her. “You didn’t Léa; I was already awake and I thought that if you’d like to..... Well the two of us could have a private chat.” She passed Léa her mug of coffee before she said “come on let’s go through to the balcony.”

Sitting in the warm morning sun on the balcony and trying to start the conversation between them Valerie said “what time’s Daniel coming over, or are you going to meet him somewhere else Léa; you look beautiful this morning by the way.”

Léa felt herself blushing a little at Valerie’s compliment, but smiled as she said “thank you Valerie; after all I had a good teacher didn’t I?”

Now it was Valerie’s turn to blush slightly as she said “you always had a pretty face and a good body shape Léa all I really did was show you how to enhance.... Sorry; make the most of what you have. Do you remember when we were in that Italian restaurant the last time you were here, that waiter couldn’t keep his eyes off you could he?

Léa giggled; “yes I remember it was very flattering.... Is that the right word Valerie?”

“Yes Léa it is, and now you have a wonderful boyfriend as well don’t you and I’m so happy about that, and the added bonus is that he likes girls who wet their panties doesn’t he?”

“I hope the only girl he likes is me” Léa added with a laugh; he texted me earlier to say that he has a surprise for me today and that I must be ready on time. I have no idea what the surprise is, he said nothing about it to me yesterday.”

Valerie did have a rough idea of what Daniel had got planned because of something Daniel had said to Tom after dinner last night, but she decided to make her reply to Léa as non-committal as possible by saying “the forecast for today says that it’s going to be the warmest day of the year so far, so anything’s possible isn’t it?”

Léa didn’t reply directly to what Valerie had said but instead said “Valerie can I ask you something?”

“Of course Léa; what is it?”

“I did much thinking while I was in bed last night about Daniel and me. If he wants to, would it be alright with you and Tom if Daniel stays here with me tonight?”

“Of course it’ll be alright Léa; Daniel will be very welcome, but why the change of heart?”

Léa shrugged her shoulders; I find it hard to put into words Valerie. I know that I love Daniel and I know that he loves me. The wetting thing is part of it of course and I will always be grateful for all the help you gave me with that, but Daniel is kind and gentle and I just know that I want to be with him; was that how you felt about Tom when you became friends with him?”

“It was Léa, it was exactly like that for me too; Tom is a wonderful man and I love him very much. Look, you don’t need to decide now but if you do want Daniel to stay over send me a text and Tom and I will go out for a few hours so that you two can have some time alone together.”

Léa was about to answer when the entry phone by the flat’s front door beeped and Valerie went to answer it. Léa heard her say “morning Daniel, the doors unlocked now; come in and come up to the flat. Léa’s waiting for you and dying to know what your surprise is.”

*009*2022-04-13 03:37

After finishing her coffee Léa went to her room to collect her Jacket before they said their “goodbyes,” left the apartment and headed for the lift. Once inside the lift Daniel whispered “did you put white panties on today like you said you would Léa? Léa smiled and said “I will tell you once you’ve told me where we’re going Daniel.”

“Well we’re going on a train ride. I have the tickets and our train leaves at ten forty five, but first we have to go part of the way by underground to Victoria railway station. Oh and don’t go in your panties now so that you have to “strap hang” on the way there will you?” Moving closer to Léa he kissed her and said “but I’d be more than happy to “strap hang” with you on the way home this evening.”

Léa returned his kiss; she completely understood what her boyfriend meant.....

The journey across London was uneventful and arriving at Victoria Daniel said “I’ll tell you the rest of it now Léa; we’re going to Brighton on the south coast of England and I know you’ll enjoy a day at the seaside.”

Daniel could see the excitement in Léa’s eyes and it was clear to him that she hadn’t expected a visit to the seaside! She almost bounced about with excitement as she said “will we be able to go on the beach; will we be able to have your British fish and chips to eat? Oh Daniel this is going to be so good; thank you; thank you.”

Laughing at Léa’s excitement he said “we need to hurry; if we miss our train our day out will be over before it’s even started. Come on; platform seven’s this way.”

Once on the train Daniel took the window seat and Léa snuggled up against him. As the train moved through the London suburbs Daniel whispered “Léa I kept my part of the bargain and told you where we were going; are you going to keep your part of the bargain and tell me what colour panties you’re wearing?”

Léa turned her head towards him and kissing him on the cheek she whispered “white ones of course Daniel and I expect you will see them wet very soon because every wee I do today is going to be in my panties. I do it for you, but I do it for me too; today on our special day out I want to be free of the worry of needing to go to the toilet.”

All Daniel could do was groan with pleasure.....

Once off the train in Brighton Daniel asked Léa what she’d like to do first. Léa smiled at him; “well the coffee I had with Valerie this morning has gone right through and I need the toilet. Can we please find a park or something or perhaps go to the beach.”

Daniel saw her face light up again and she squeezed his hand tightly as she said “the beach Daniel; can we please go to the beach?”

“Of course we can Léa; the beach is this way, down Queens Road I think, I hope you can wait to go to the toilet until we get there.”

Léa giggled; “so do I Daniel.” Once more Daniel felt himself getting stiff inside his pants and jeans....

They stopped to take in the view once they got onto the promenade and with the pavilion to their left and the sea sparkling in the sunlight Léa said “this is a very beautiful place Daniel, but I really need to go now, can we get onto the beach please?” hand in hand they jumped off the short drop between the promenade and the shingle beach and both were more than a little surprised that there weren’t more people about as it was both sunny and warm and what little breeze there was seemed warm too.

In Daniel’s mind he couldn’t have picked a better spring day for their outing.... He was brought back to the here and now by Léa holding him back slightly and then saying “Daniel can we stop here please; there’s nobody about and I really can’t wait much longer.” Daniel let go of Léa’s hand and as she moved to sit down on the shingle she said “what do you wish to do Daniel; do you want to sit and watch my panties get wet, or do you want to cuddle me while I do it; you said that you enjoyed that the last time.”

“I did Léa, but this time you’re wearing white panties and well.... I’d love to watch them get wet.”

Having sat down on the shingle Léa lifted herself just enough to pull her dress out from underneath her and after glancing round to make sure nobody was watching them she pulled the front of her dress up a little higher too. Daniel knelt down in front of her and sat back onto his heels; he now had a clear and uninterrupted view of Léa’s panties...... He heard Léa sigh and watched as the wet patch spread up and across the front of them and for some reason his eyes focused on the pink piping around the leg openings changing colour as it got wet. He looked at Léa; she had her eyes closed and her mouth slightly open and the fact that she was obviously enjoying what she was doing wasn’t lost on him!

Returning his gaze to her panties he saw her flow trickle to a stop and that the wet area of them was now very see through, but decided not to mention it. This was Léa’s moment and he wanted her to enjoy it as much as he was. Leaning forward he reached for her hand and whispered “Léa that was just wonderful; I... I don’t know what else to say.”

“Then don’t say anything Daniel. I am wet and comfortable now, but in a little while I’m sure that I will need to go again and I would like it very much if you cuddled with me when I do it.”

Léa let go of Daniel’s hand and allowed her dress to fall back into place as she stood up and as he got up too Daniel couldn’t fail to notice the wet patch on the shingle where Léa had been sitting, but again he decided not to comment on it; this was Léa’s day and he wanted her to enjoy it to the max.

“Léa I don’t know about you, but I’m hungry. If we go this way I know where we can get some fish and chips.” Putting his arm around Léa’s waist as they walked he added; “Perhaps I’ll buy a large bottle of fizzy pop or water too; I’m sure we can find plenty of places to have some wet cuddles later.”

*010*2022-04-19 07:00

As they sat together on a low wall eating their fish and chips and taking it in turns sipping from the bottle of water Daniel was surprised when Léa asked “have you ever wet your pants Daniel?”

“Well a few times when I was a bit younger I suppose, but nothing recently. It wasn’t until I discovered porn sites on the internet..... I’m not sure how, but I stumbled across a site about girls who liked to wee in their panties and I got so turned on by what I read and the pictures that I saw, and yet I didn’t understand why. I went back to that site again and again and well I’m ashamed to say I began to dream a lot about seeing a girl wee-weeing in her panties, but I never expected to see it in real life; that is until I met you.

Léa, you must believe me when I say that I love you for who you are.... what you are, and if you never wet your panties again my feelings for you wouldn’t change.”

Léa leaned over and kissed Daniel on the cheek. “I understand that Daniel, but thank you for saying it anyway it means very much to me. When we have finished eating can we have a look in the town please; I would like to see the shops and perhaps later find a park; I can feel that my panties are almost dry again now. There is one more thing Daniel; I really would like to go back to the beach again before we go home.”

Daniel felt a little guilty about pausing on their walk into town to go into the public toilets near the Lanes, and while he was in there he began to wonder if Léa’s question earlier meant that she’d like to see him wet himself.... Maybe at some point in the future he’d pluck up the courage to ask her; and in any case even before Léa had asked him the question he had begun to wonder what it would feel like to “do it in his pants.” A naughty thought occurred to him as he walked out of the toilets; if Léa liked the idea, perhaps they could do it together sometime....

Outside the toilet block Léa gave Daniel back his backpack which he casually swung over one shoulder and said “let’s go and explore the lanes First Léa; we’ll still be close to the beach for later and there must be a park or something near there too.”

Léa enjoyed looking at all the little shops in the narrow streets and Daniel was happy just too sort of tag along and enjoy Léa’s look of excitement at each and every new discovery she made in this shop or that and was happy to pass her the bottle of water whenever she asked

“Daniel I will need to go to the toilet again soon” Léa whispered. Daniel found himself getting hard at the thought of Léa wetting her panties again and said “shall we find a park or would you rather go back to the beach; you talked about doing that earlier didn’t you and either way is alright with me.”

“Will you cuddle with me if we’re on the beach Daniel?”

“Of course Léa nothing would make me happier; I’d love to cuddle with you while you go in your panties again.”

Léa smiled; “then let us go back to the beach again Daniel; I don’t know if I could wait if we don’t find a park very quickly.”

When they got back to the beach the tide had gone out quite a long way. There was still the shingle beach near the promenade of course, but the receding tide had now exposed a larger area of sand below it.

Léa looked at the wavelets gently lapping onto the sand and as they were sitting down on the shingle once more she said “Daniel; do you think that.... well afterwards we could go for a paddle?”

Daniel laughed; “we could, but the water will be very cold; this is England; not the south of France! Léa didn’t reply; she just playfully punched him in the arm before moving up against him and saying “Daniel please cuddle me I can’t wait any longer.” He felt Léa relax in his arms and as he held her he gently stroked her hair and said “it’s alright Léa; everything’s alright; just let it happen.”

They cuddled in complete silence long after Léa had finished weeing. He didn’t know if it was by accident or not, but he felt Léa’s hand brush gently against the front of his jeans several times and that was such a good feeling....

Suddenly and without any warning Léa broke away from him, stood up and began to take her trainers off. As she bent over to undo the laces and still sitting on the stones he had a lovely of those beautiful white knickers clinging wetly to her bottom.... sitting down again she pulled the little pink ankle socks off too and stuffed them into her trainers before saying “come on Daniel; you too please I cannot go paddling without you can I?”

Perhaps a little reluctantly Daniel took off his trainers and socks before pulling the legs of his jeans up to his knees. On her feet once more Léa held out her hand to him and said “come on Daniel; let us see it this water is as cold as you say.”

Frankly Daniel was amazed; from a shy mousey girl he’d first met at imperial Léa had morphed into a beautiful, confident and strong minded young woman and he was proud; proud to be in love with her and proud to have played some small part in her transformation.

Hand in hand they ran down to the water’s edge, and Léa shrieked as the first little wavelets ran over her feet. “You’re right Daniel; it is cold, but I don’t care, come on.”

When the water got up nearly to his knees he let go of Léa’s hand and said “my jeans will get wet if I go in any further Léa; it’s alright for you because you’re wearing a short dress.”

Lea turned to face him and taking both of his hands in hers she said “coming into the water was because I have something I want to ask you and I want to be sure nobody else can hear. Daniel I have come to a decide..... a decision I think you say.” Daniel nodded before she carried on “Daniel I love you and I know that you love me and I want... well I want you to stay with me in Valerie and Tom’s apartment tonight.... all of the night, but only if you feel ready.

Tom and Valerie are going to Emily’s apartment for dinner so we will have time on our own....” her voice trailed off as she looked at Daniel’s face for a reaction.....

*011*2022-04-25 06:26

Daniel was once more stunned by Léa’s openness; he’d expected that they would “sleep together” at some point, but he hadn’t expected it to happen quite so soon.... He was nervous too, as they were both by their own admission still virgins; he loved Léa and desperately wanted to take things further, but what if he, or even they made a mess of things, worse still what if he accidently hurt her; that could destroy everything couldn’t it?

He didn’t know it of course but Léa could see the uncertainty in his face and was then surprised when she said “I am very sorry Daniel; have I said the wrong thing; do you think it is too soon?”

“No Léa I think it’s wonderful that you want to sleep with me and I feel very honoured that you’ve asked me. I’m just scared I’ll do something wrong; hurt you even.”

“Daniel we both know that this is the first time for both of us; we learn together; yes? We take our time; we have Valerie’s apartment to ourselves; maybe we do only sleep together in the end, but that’s ok too.”

Léa’s words of reassurance made Daniel feel better and he was about to reply when Léa said something else. “Daniel when you were in the toilet I went into your bag to get out the bottle of water and there was a towel in the bottom of your bag; did you put it in there for me?”

Daniel spluttered a little; “well yes and no Léa; I put it in my rucksack because ..... well I knew that it was possible we’d have a paddle in the sea like we’re doing now and it would be something to dry our legs and feet on when we get out of the water.” He paused again for a second before he took Léa’s hand once more and said “also I thought it would be something to put on the seat in the train for you to sit on if..... Well... you know if your panties were still really wet. Our train back to London leaves at five; I thought that would be good because the rush hour in London would be starting to finish by then and if you wanted to you could strap hang again on the underground.”

Léa laughed; “Daniel you think of everything, but there is one more thing Daniel; I need to go to the toilet again” Léa glanced round to makes sure they were still alone and not being watched before she added “and Daniel I want to do it here in the water with you; Daniel will you put your arm round me and cuddle me again please?”

Naturally Daniel was only too keen to comply with Léa’s request and slipping his arm around her shoulder he drew her in close to him once more and then kissed her. It was after that kiss that Léa did something totally unexpected.

Turning slightly under Daniel’s arm she reached for his other hand before she whispered in his ear; I want to try something else new as well Daniel.”

Gently she led his hand up under the hem of her short dress and after opening her legs slightly she moved his hand up until he was cupping her through her still very damp white cotton panties.

Daniel really hadn’t expected this level of intimacy in such a public place; his heart was pounding and he felt that his erection was about to push itself out through the front of his jeans!

Léa let out a little sigh and within seconds he felt her warm water soaking her panties once more and running through his fingers; some running down her bare legs and the rest running off the tips of his fingers and dripping straight down between her legs and into the sea.

When she’d finally finished all Daniel could think of to say was Léa that was wonderful; I... I never expected that.”

Léa didn’t reply, but she did smile as she broke away from Daniel and waded a bit deeper into the water to wash her legs and didn’t seem that bothered if some of the cold sea water splashed against her panties as she held her dress up and out of the way with her free hand....

Sitting on the beach again Daniel said “I hope you don’t mind when I say that for me at least this has been the most exciting day of my life Léa; what you did for me in the water just now.... “

Léa put a finger to Daniel’s lips and whispered “what I did just now I did for both of us. No boy has ever touched me like that before and I wanted you to be the first and I want you to be the first boy I sleep with too because I really love you.

I know that it is early for our train, but do you think we can go back that way and get something to eat and maybe some coffee?”

Daniel was only too happy to agree....

*012*2022-05-03 06:06

By the time they got back to London just after six the weather had changed from bright and sunny to steady but persistent light rain. As they left the train and walked across the station concourse Daniel said “If you still want me to stay with you tonight Léa I’d better go back to my bedsit and get some spare clothes and another towel hadn’t I? It’s not too far from here anyway.”

Léa blushed slightly at the thought of how she’d “made use of her panties” one last time in that little park near the station; she really had needed Daniel’s towel to sit on while they were on the train...

Daniel noticed Léa shiver slightly; ever the gentleman he put the rucksack down and slipped off his hoodie and passed it to Léa. He smiled as he added “it doesn’t go to well with that pretty dress Léa, but at least it’ll keep you warm.”

The journey to Daniel’s flat by underground didn’t take many minutes and Daniel noticed how Léa grinned with excitement as she “strap hung” again and allowed herself to sway from side to side with the motion of the train.

Opening the door to his little student bedsit near the Olympia exhibition halls he said “well it isn’t much but I call it home.”

While he busied himself getting spare clothes together Lea looked round. Daniel was right; it was small; but it was clean and tidy with a small kitchen area in one corner and a single bed in one of the others, but other than a small sink in the kitchen there was no toilet or a shower. Daniel was just packing the last of his clean clothes into his rucksack when Léa asked him “where is your bathroom Daniel?”

“It’s a room out on the landing Léa; It’s a shared bathroom; I share it with four other rooms like mine.”

Léa giggled; “that would never do for me Daniel; you know me, when I have to go I have to go.” She moved closer to Daniel and whispered “it wouldn’t matter today of course because I already have wet panties on don’t I?” once more Daniel felt himself growing stiff inside his jeans....

Before anything else could be said Léa’s phone beeped; it was a message from Valerie. “We’re going out to dinner and then to a show in the west end with Emily and Jack in a few minutes and we won’t be back until at least midnight so the apartment’s all yours until then. Have a good time. Love to you both.”

“Who was that?” Daniel asked as Léa put her phone away again.

“It was Valerie” Léa replied, but she didn’t go into any more details....

“Are you ready to go Daniel?” she asked. “I need to pop to the loo.... sorry Léa; toilet before we go. Do you... well need to go too?”

“I am ok for the moment Daniel; but you never know; I might need to go again before we get to Valerie’s apartment.”

She noticed the excited look that spread across Daniel’s face....

By the time they got to Valerie and Tom’s apartment Léa really did need to go again but decided to keep that fact to herself for the moment. Once inside the apartment things were a little strained; both knew what they wanted, but both were too nervous to say anything or make the first move. Daniel put his rucksack down and followed Léa into the kitchen as she asked “shall I make us some coffee Daniel; is instant alright for you?”

With the kettle on to boil Léa busied herself with spooning coffee granules and sugar into the two mugs and it was then that Daniel decided to make a move that in his opinion would do one of two things; either move things forward to their eventual first attempts at lovemaking or slow thing down to the point where they literally did spend the evening just cuddling and then simply sleeping together. Either way was fine with him; in spite of how Léa had behaved while they were paddling in the sea earlier there was no way he wanted to push the girl he loved so much, further or faster than she wanted to go.

He waited for Léa to finish making the coffee before he moved forward, embraced and then kissed her.” Thank you for making today such a wonderful day Léa; I know the original idea to go to Brighton was mine, but never in my wildest dreams did I expect it to turn out as well as it did.”

Léa smiled back at him; I feel very good about today too Daniel, I have never wet my panties so many times in one day and I cannot believe how good it feels. As I told you before I did it for me as well as for you. I know we are both nervous but I want to go further with you; that is of course if you want to.”

“Of course I do Léa nothing would make me happier. I held back because.... well I didn’t want to force myself on you.”

Léa smiled; “I know that you would never do that Daniel.” She kissed him again and said “Daniel there is something else; I need to wee again, would you like to come to the bathroom with me?”

*013*2022-05-12 05:43

Daniel willingly followed Léa into the bathroom and watched entranced as Léa lifted the skirt part of her dress up around her waist before sitting on the toilet still wearing her panties and with her legs slightly apart. Kneeling down in front of the toilet bowl, he watched as Léa smiled at him before beginning to wee into her panties once more. Daniel watched entranced as her warm wetness slowly soaked them rendering the wet areas almost totally see through and then listened as her water began to leak its way out of them and make a tinkling noise as it dribbled into water already in the bottom of the bowl.

The tinkling finally stopped and then all was left in the bathroom was silence save for the drip, drip into the bowl as Léa’s panties finished draining themselves.

Daniel knew that he should say something; but what do you say when you’ve just been presented with a sight as exciting and erotic as that?

Léa could sense Daniel’s indecision and still holding her dress up and out of the way she stood up not in the least bothered by the few remaining droplets of wee that ran from her panties and down her legs, and by holding her free hand out to him she encouraged Daniel to stand up too. Once he was on his feet again Léa couldn’t fail to notice the prominent bulge in the front of Daniel’s jeans and moving a little closer to him she whispered “you enjoyed that didn’t you Daniel?”

Léa felt a little concerned that she was making all the moves here and began wondering if she was pushing Daniel further than he wanted to go, but that changed when Daniel kissed her passionately; more passionately than he’d ever done before; she could feel his erection pressing against her thigh through his jeans and remembered how she’d felt the same thing happening at the boating lake when she’d wet her panties on that cold day they’d spent together in Paris nearly a couple of months earlier.

“Léa can I hold you; you know feel how wet your panties are I’d.... I’d really like that.”

Léa didn’t reply in words, but in actions, she took Daniel’s hand and led it onto the front of her panties and then released the hold she had on her dress and allowed it to drop down over Daniel’s wrist as he continued to fondle her.

Daniel kissed her again and then whispered “oh Léa this is wonderful; I still can’t believe this is happening

Feeling Daniel’s hand between her legs once again made her groan with pleasure and she couldn’t resist running her hand down the outside of his thigh and then bringing it up again and pressing it against his erection. Daniel made no attempt to resist; in fact he too groaned with pleasure and began to press himself against her hand.

Now satisfied that everything really was alright, she continued to fondle Daniel as she said “I have wet my panties many times today Daniel and I need to have a shower. Would you like it if we got undressed and went into the shower together?”

Nothing was said directly, but they both knew that by showering together they’d have crossed a line; a line that would ultimately lead to their first attempts at lovemaking and that showering together would be the first time that they’d seen each other totally naked and to both of them it somehow felt so right. To Daniel Léa wouldn’t be just a notch on the bedpost as the old saying goes, but showering together and then making love would be the final consummation act of the deep and genuine love that they knew they felt for each other.....

Daniel kissed her gently on the lips and said “I’d like that very much Léa.”

Léa watched as Daniel removed his t-shirt, socks and jeans leaving him standing there in just his light blue boxer briefs before she removed her dress and bra leaving then both standing there in just boxers and panties. Turning on the shower Léa said “come on Daniel we can get in now.” Daniel went to remove his briefs, but Léa put a hand on his to stop him and whispered “no Daniel; keep them on and I will keep my panties on too, it will be fun.”

Once in the shower together Léa was thrilled when Daniel seemed to really take the lead for the first time. It was him who reached for the shower gel; it was him who gently began to wash her all over including soaping her through her soaking panties that were sticking to her like a transparent second skin before knelling down in front of her in the warm spray and gently sliding them down her legs. Léa stepped out of them willingly.....

Standing up again his own boxers soon joined Léa’s panties in the bottom of the shower tray....

Dry now but still naked they headed hand in hand towards Valerie and Tom’s spare bedroom.....

It was nearly one A.M. when Tom and Valerie finally arrived home to find the apartment in darkness. Switching on a few of the lights; Valerie who was desperate for a wee headed straight for the bathroom and grabbing the hem of her short dress she did as Léa had done and sat down on the toilet without making any attempt to take her knickers down first. With a sigh of relief she simply let go and allowed herself to soak them; she knew only too well how much Tom would enjoy finding that she was wearing wet panties....

Standing up again she flushed the toilet and it was only then that she noticed a couple of crumpled towels laying beside the shower tray and smiled as she moved to pick them up. Her smile broadened further when she noticed the wet panties and boxers in the shower tray. Bundling them up in the towels she took them through to the kitchen and placed them in the washing machine. Who knows she thought to herself; I’m sure they’ll be other washing that needs doing in the morning....

Moving back to the lounge she whispered “Tom are you ready to come to bed; I’ve a little surprise for you.”

*014*2022-05-19 12:01

Daniel woke at about six on the Sunday morning and it took him a few seconds to work out where he was. Quietly and gently he propped himself up on one elbow and just looked at the beautiful girl still asleep beside him and gently stroked the side of her face and her hair that lay untidily spread across her pillow.

He felt happy and contented; their lovemaking had been a wonderful experience; “a true night to remember” he thought to himself.

Suddenly he remembered the wet underwear that in their excitement they’d left in the shower tray and realized how embarrassing it would be if Tom or Valerie found them.

Not wishing to wake Léa he slipped almost silently out of bed and realizing that he was still naked he quickly rummaged in his rucksack for a pair of clean boxers. He needed to wee anyway and that gave him the perfect excuse to be heading to the bathroom this early on a Sunday morning; not that he really needed an excuse really he supposed; after all he was a guest in the apartment wasn’t he?

He used the toilet and flushed it before looking into the shower tray, but the towels they’d used and the wet undies they’d left there had gone and the bathroom looked neat and pristine once more.

He blushed a little bit as he realized that Valerie must have seen the evidence of what he and Léa had got up to. He walked almost silently back to their bedroom and slipped back into bed as gently as he could.

Léa stirred and turning slightly towards him she whispered “Bonjour Daniel.” Daniel moved slightly and kissed her gently on the lips. “Good morning to you too Léa and thank you for last night it really was wonderful. I.... well I never dreamed that I could ever feel as good as I feel this morning and be so much in love with you. I’m just so sorry that I have to see you onto the Eurostar back to Paris this evening.”

Léa returned his kiss before she said “I understand what you mean Daniel, but we still have the whole day together. Also there is one big difference; when I arrived in England on Friday I was a virgin and when I leave tonight it is no longer so.”

Daniel smiled as he said “don’t forget the same thing applies to me Léa; I’m no longer a virgin either.”

Moving slightly away from Léa Daniel asked “Léa how did you know that we’d be able to.... you know.... be left in privacy to have a good time last night?”

Léa smiled; “because Valerie sent me a text. She said they were going out for a meal with Emily and then going to see a show; also, that they would not be back until after midnight.”

Daniel chuckled and turned onto his back and with one arm behind his head he said “you and Valerie planned this didn’t you?” and then added quickly and with a chuckle; “not that I’m angry of course.”

“That is not the truth Daniel” Léa replied. “Yes I did know they were going out with Emily, but I knew nothing of the show afterwards until I received the text from Valerie.”

Still naked Léa moved her body against Daniel’s before she kissed him and whispered “anyway why do we talk of this when there is other things we can be doing?” Daniel felt himself responding straight away.....

By ten they were both showered and dressed, but before Lea had headed for the bathroom she’d allowed Daniel to choose the panties she was going to wear for the day and to Léa’s surprise Daniel chose a full cut black pair of cotton panties from Léa’s suitcase rather than another white pair as she’d expected.

Seeing the surprised look on Léa’s face he explained that he’s been listening to the radio while he was working on an assignment in his room a few days ago when a song from the eighties was played.

“It was by the Steve Miller band and had a line in it that went “black panties with an angel’s face” and I thought straight away of you.”

Léa playfully punched him in the arm as he added “perhaps in your case it should have been “wet black panties with an angel’s face.”

“Morning you two” Valerie said as they walked hand in hand into the kitchen. “Did you have a good time yesterday?”

Léa smiled “yes thank you Valerie. Daniel took me to Brighton on the train.” She turned to smile at Daniel before she said “We both had a very good time didn’t we Daniel?” Valerie couldn’t fail to notice Daniel starting to blush....

“Coffee you two?” Valerie asked, before she added I have croissants in the oven; is that ok for your breakfast; Tom is out on a run and won’t be back until later so it’ll be just the three of us.

While they were eating Valerie asked if they had any plans for today. Daniel replied that they hadn’t so far but were open to suggestions.

“Well as you’ll have to come back here to collect Léa’s suitcase, why not stay on this side of London for today? Epping Forest is a beautiful place and easy to get to by underground and there are plenty of places in Epping where you can get something to eat and drink.”

Valerie rummaged in a draw for the London underground map that she knew she had. “Ah here it is” she said as got it out and began to unfold it. Look it’s on the central line and that’s easy enough get to from Limehouse you could be there in no time at all.”

Daniel studied the map for a minute to weigh up the options before he said “what do you think Léa, do you fancy a day in the country? Your Eurostar isn’t until nearly nine this evening anyway is it?”

Valerie added; it really is a quiet place Léa I think you’ll really enjoy it.”

Léa smiled; “ok then Daniel; we go there.”

