The G-Force of Strangers

Author: mastersnothing

*000*2017-09-04 06:10

[ CHAPTER 1 ]

It's nearly impossible for me to pinpoint just when my life started to turn against me, and even more difficult to relay just when I found the courage to do something about it...but the need to escape was as heavy and dark as the demons who were takin' over.

"Thank you," I nodded to the flight attendant as she led me to my seat at the back of the plane, bound for Hawaii.

Twenty minutes later I heard a gruff "excuse me," from the aisle ahead. Just as I was prayin' to all the Gods the body attached to that voice was not assigned to the seat next to me, I felt my seat move just a little in the wake of him sitting down. Now if I'd had the energy I would have groaned or something, but life had been sucking a lot of my "give a fuck" out, so I opted for a sigh and resigned myself to looking out of the window the whole flight.

"Hey there, name's Mitchell," he offered with a sugary smile and an extended hand.

"Huh?....oh, I'm Elizabeth." I really, REALLY didn't want to talk to anyone, but Mitchell had succeeded, after a while, to bring me out of my shell -- and by the time the plane started to take off, we were already cracking jokes about the safety demonstration and trading stories via embarrassing pictures on our phones. I applauded Mitchell several times for kicking my sabbatical off to a good start, but he would just blush and tell me that's what he was there for.

It was about an hour into the flight when we heard the loudest "BANG" and the airplane lurched frighteningly forward and I just knew then and there we were gonna fall out of the sky. I grabbed Mitchell's hand out of fear when we heard the tell-tale "bong" of the loudspeaker.

"Good evening, folks," the captain said in a voice that sounded like he didn't have a care in the world. "Something's happened to our right engine, so we will be making an emergency landing at LAX. Please stay calm and know that we can land the plane just fine."

"Somehow, I don't believe that one fucking bit," I worried, but Mitchell gave me an understanding look and let me squeeze his hand as hard as I needed to. "Great, I have to pee," I complained and eyed the "stay buckled" sign. Quickly Mitchell caught on and tried to get permission from a flight attendant, but even they weren't getting out of their jump seats.

"Can you hold it?" My seat mate asked, suddenly very concerned.

"I think I'll be okay," I lied, but it was too embarrassing to talk about peeing with cute guy you just met on an airplane, but within 5 minutes of me claiming I'd be fine, I felt the first trickles already sliding from me into the cotton of my panties...and just as I was about to ask Mitchell to beg the attendant for me, the plane started diving and I started screaming. "Oh my God, I don't wanna die, I don't wanna die!"

The entire plane was in turmoil and the screams were getting louder and louder and the G-force was not fun at all...but just as soon as the plane started to plummet, it was righted again.

The captain came on to describe what had just happened, but I didn't hear him as I covered my face and felt my bladder release in relief. Letting go of Mitchell's hand to cover my face was probably not the best idea, as it drew his attention to me. "Don't look," I begged him, and when my piss finally slowed and the puddle beneath my ass started to soak into the seat, I turned my head, opened my eyes and gaped at the incredible arousal straining against Mitchell's pants -- lifting my eyes to his own and following his gaze I knew that he'd watched me pee myself and enjoyed every second.

[ TBC ]

Please let me know if you want to continue...I have plans.

*003*2017-09-04 06:53

{{21 minutes ago, Skyde said:

I love it. Plz continue.

}}

{{12 minutes ago, Bellatrix1 said:

This is excellent I can't wait for the next chapter

}}

Thanks, guys! I'll have chapter 2 up tomorrow!

*006*2017-09-05 00:07

{{7 hours ago, jiffyomo said:

Following this thread. Awesome.

}}

{{4 hours ago, Yellow⚤Rain said:

What a lovely start, can't wait for the next chapter.

}}

Thank You both so much. I will have it up soon!

*008*2017-09-05 02:59

{{2 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

<### Is eagerly waiting patiently

}}

It's being typed as of now!
