The G-Force of Strangers

Author: mastersnothing

*010*2017-09-05 06:00

[ CHAPTER 2 ]

It must have been quite an amusing sight to witness: me staring at his trapped erection and him staring at the proof of my bladder's fear.

When the flight attendants finally found the courage and obtained the captain's "ok" to move from their seats, and they slowly hobbled about the cabin, checking on passengers and making sure no one needed medical attention.

"It-it's...it's okay," Mitchell tried to sweetly reassure me, "no one saw."

"You saw," I pointed out and watched as my seat mate took off his jacket and spread it over my lap. Normally, I would have objected to him ruining his jacket by using it to hide my accident, but the attendant was nearly to them and if she started making a "let me get that for you" fuss, passengers would start putting two and two together. Instead I gripped at the fabric and nibbled nervously on my bottom lip.

"The only difference is," Mitchell started, tucking an errant hair behind my ear before he even realized he was touching me "I don't care."

There was something altogether incredible about the way his eyes fixated on me and refused to tear away.

"I don't care," he whispered once again and leaned in to kiss me and I let him. However, his shaking hand slowly snaked its way beneath his jacket and Mitchell pressed the palm of his hand against the wet of my jeans and when my bladder started to release just a little bit more -- Mitchell moaned deeply...never moving his hand.

[ 2. h o u r s. l a t e r ]

Once off the terrifying tin bird with the broken engine, Mitch and I found ourselves unable to depart from the other -- we were offered either a hotel voucher with an early morning flight or a much, much, later flight and no hotel.

We exchanged knowing looks and quietly took our hotel voucher, after deciding we most definitely only needed one, and exchanged the other for a meal voucher.

"I should go to the bathroom before we leave," I told him, nibbling my bottom lip - the anxious feeling of knowing what was going to be happening tonight created a more natural urgency in her bladder -- falling from the sky was not something her organs, nor herself ever had time to prepare for.

"No!" Mitch exclaimed a bit too loudly, but cleared his throat, and calmed himself. "I mean...uh...can you...ya know...wait?"

There it was. There was the architect of his arousal.

"Y-you want me to piss myself again, don't you!?" I exclaimed, flabbergasted and secretly excited at the same time. "Fine," I acquiesced and grabbed my rolling suitcase to walk ahead of him with my best my-pants-are-soaked-with-urine-fashion-show walk, adding "...but it won't happen again."

*013*2017-09-05 15:42

{{2 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was awesome ^__^

}}

{{2 hours ago, jiffyomo said:

Loving this. Glued.

}}

Ugh. My two new favorite cheerleaders. ❤️

How are you liking the slow buildup? I'm trying my hand at writing a story with less "just writing this to Jack off" and more: "whoa. I should buy a plane ticket." lol

[ INTERLUDE ]

...to tide You over until tonight...

Bags stuffed into the trunk of a yellow taxi, Mitchell and I sat in the back seat and gave the driver instructions on where to go. We were sitting close...incredibly close and I wasn't complaining.

I was quickly beginning to realize that his hands were EVERYTHING and I simply could not sate the hunger I felt for them to be all over me; the thought of it blinded me for a moment and I didn't see what was coming.

His lips brushed against the shell of my ear as he whispered for me to breathe - that should have been my hint, but it wasn't. I felt the heel of his palm pressing into my bladder long before my logic woke up from its coma.

"W-what are you..." I stammered out in shock, but my words were cut off by his lips on mine and with another press of his palm, a slow, arousing stream of urine renewed the wet of my jeans and flowed down my inner seams to puddles both beneath my feet and under my ass.

It was a blessing that the taxi arrived at our hotel when it did, because any longer and I'm not sure which one if us would have jumped the other first.

*015*2017-09-05 16:11

{{12 minutes ago, Bellatrix1 said:

Im so loving this story so far ^__^

}}

I'm so glad! ❤️

*019*2017-09-05 23:14

{{4 hours ago, Yellow⚤Rain said:

A new chapter and an interlude?

Loved it, I'm already anticipating the next part.

}}

I aim to please!

*021*2017-09-06 00:12

{{10 minutes ago, jiffyomo said:

I bet your aim is phenomenal.

}}

Oh, if walls could talk.

*022*2017-09-06 20:51

[ CHAPTER 3: p r e v i e w ]

My urge to empty the rest of my teased bladder was getting more and more difficult to ignore, so I gripped Mitchell's hand in hopes of distracting myself ; his knowing grin and glances did not go amiss.

"You really are waiting for me to piss myself, aren't you?" I grumbled under my breath and began silently experimented with several "shuffling" methods of walking, until I could find a toilet.

[ Chapter Three - in full - Tonight ]
