A Golden Decree

Author: Markj9494

*010*2020-08-28 04:58

So here is the final chapter, be warned its a bit of a long one, but I hope you all enjoy!

Chapter 3: The feast

Back in the garden Valorie was watching the queen becoming increasing frustrated, but this time not at Morgana. Prince Geoffrey and her mother were currently walking around with their arms linked, reminiscing about his parent’s holidays to their city when they were younger. A number of which brought back seemingly embarrassing stories about her that the queen clearly thought were beneath her royal stature.

“Mother, don’t you think some of our other guests would enjoy a chance to speak to you?” she suggested, clearly trying to break up the pairing as they laughed about yet another tale of childish innocence.

“Nonsense, the night is still young dear.” She replied.

“I need a drink” The queen muttered to herself, outstretching her empty glass for Valorie to refill with the wine she had brought back. Lifting the heavy jug Valorie began to pour the drink out of the cumbersome container, designed more for tables than to walk around with.

“Besides, I’d really like to know who it was that broke my grandfather’s air loom the last time you and your sister were here” Lady Meredith continued.

A quiet gasped escaped the Queen as her eyes widened for a second, her mother’s question somewhat surprising her. Surprise that caused the grasp of her cup to faulter, the silver goblet tumbling from her hand and too the floor. Caught between pouring into the cup and the unexpected movement of it Valorie’s grip also failed, the heavy jug following the goblet onto the freshly cut grass beneath them.

“Im sorry, im so sorry!” She began to stammer bending down to grab the fallen items.

“Do you know how much this dress costs, what if that had gotten on me!” The queen shouted, a number of people around them pausing their conversations to look at their group.

“I’m sorry your grace” Valorie could feel tears beginning to well in her eyes, why did this sort of thing always happen to her.

“Kiera, im sure she didn’t do it on purpose.” The queens mother started.

“That’s not the point, now go and get a jug to replace that. And you!, go and get me a clean goblet from the kitchens” she said, handing off the one she had just been handed from the floor to Morgana.

Curtseying deeply and trying to collect her thoughts Valorie left them quickly, trying to clear thoughts about what had just happened from her mind. But as she approached the table she had visited not so long ago, she was shocked to see it completely empty of jugs as the queens guests went through the drinks with some speed.

Standing to one side she also noticed one of the women she had been brough in with, Macey. The slightly older woman standing to the side, her legs constantly shifting as she seemingly waited for something. Standing awkwardly for a minute Valorie tried to think of something to say, but the shuffling woman was clearly preoccupied with something.

“Are they out of Wine?” Valorie asked, the silence unbearable and equally she wanted to know if she was in the right place, she didn’t want to be later than she needed to be.

“Oh, sorry I didn’t see you approach.” The dark-haired woman said, her attention apparently somewhere else for the moment. “Yeah, they are refilling them now although its been a short while already. But there are some single glasses over there if you want to take one to your Patron?” she continued, indicating a table which currently displayed a dozen or more goblets full of wine.

“Wow, they sure do go through this stuff quickly” Valorie sighed, she didn’t want to make the queen wait again, but given her request for a goblet from Morgana she might not take it well if she too arrived with one.

“You are not wrong there. I don’t know how much my lords have had to drink, but I’m definitely starting to feel it. The wine seems to go straight through them and their aging bladders, I was kind of hoping they were running out.”

“Is It that bad?” Valorie asked, genuinely concerned for her new friends ability to last the night.

“Not yet, but they have used me three times each and I don’t know how much more I can take.” She tried to smile as to not make it sound too bad, but the look on her face gave away the real scale of the problem. Even from where she stood Valorie could make out the unmistakable bulge of a full bladder poking through her clothing.

“Only three, wow you must have a tiny bladder. I bet you won’t even make it a week as a chamber maid.” Another snide remark came out of nowhere. Why was she always around, Valorie couldn’t help but think as Laura slinked her way over to the table to wait with them for more wine.

“Im holding eight and barely feel anything” she boasted, patting her stomach for added effect. “I bet you have even stopped drinking” she said, reaching out a hand to grab one of the nearby goblets “I doubt even Morgana can handle drinking at the same time, her bladder is no match for mine”.

“I…I think those are just for the lords” Macey said.

But rolling her eyes it was clear Laura didn’t care much for her advice. “Like they will even notice.” She said, picking up the vessel and swigging from it as they waited. Luckily after a few more moments of awkwardness passed between the three of them a number of servants appeared carrying dozens of large jugs between them.

Grabbing one of the large vases of wine Valorie watched as Laura tipped the glass back and began to chug the wine. Her overconfidence would be her downfall one of these days and she would be lying if she didn’t want to see it.

“You, servant who said you could drink this wine.” An angry voice shouted at them, a voice Valorie knew well.

“Um…your grace I just needed a drink” Laura stammered, blushing slightly as she was caught red handed.

“Well, you should have gone to the kitchens. This wine is for the nobles only, not servants like yourself.”

“Caroline said we should do whatever we could to serve our lords and I didn’t want to take any more time to get the wine.” Valorie frowned slightly at that explanation, it wasn’t quite what their mentor had told them to do and it was clear Laura was just trying to weasel her way out of it.

“Are you not a chamber lady, should you not be holding for your lords even if you are thirsty.” The queen continued, walking towards them with Morgana and her lordship in toe. The queen’s mother was a few moments behind, clearly preoccupied with something as she stood rigidly speaking to one of her friends in hurried tones.

“Yes, but I can handle it. I have an iron bladder that can handle anything.”

There she was, boasting again.

“I like your confidence.” The queen said, a shrew smile crossing her face for a moment, a glimmer in her eyes telling Valorie that she was clearly enjoying what ever thought was going through her mind.

“You like wine then?” she asked.

“Yes your majesty.” Laura answered, a look of slight confusion on her face.

“Well then, I think we should let you have your fill.” Her crooked smile widening.

“Your...grace?” Laura was clearly concerned for the first time about where this was going, the nervousness on her face something Valorie had not witnessed since meeting her this morning.

Walking up to the table the queen picked up one of the vases, its contents enough for a table of people at a banquet to fill their glasses. “I feel this should be more fitting to someone of your stature”. She continued offering the large container to Laura who cautiously accepted it, standing on the spot unsure of what to do.

“Well, I thought you said you like wine. Drink up.” The queen said with a sense of glee in her voice.

Laura’s eyes widened as she came to the realisation of what the queen wanted her to do, but unable to refuse she gazed down in the large vase for a few moments. The vast quantity of swirling purple liquid only reflecting her own worried face back at her, but with nothing else to do she raised the container to her lips and tipped it back. Instantly her mouth was filled and almost overflowing with wine, the wide neck of the jug not designed to be drunk from directly.

Breathing heavily through her nose she swallowed mouthful after mouthful of the wine which soon lost all flavour. Looking up she could see the queen looking on intently, waiting for her to fail but she would not give her the satisfaction. Moving her hand slightly she supported the jug and pushed it further up, the stream of never-ending wine flowing into her waiting mouth. The queen wanted to humiliate her, but she would show her that her iron bladder could survive anything she wanted to throw her way. The muscles in her throat were moving constantly as the river of wine moved down them. She could feel the weight in the vase finally starting to lessen, but all that meant was that it was now inside her instead. The stream of wine continuing as Laura felt her stomach swelling massively, her already bloated bladder being pressured by the increasing size of her stomach.

Watching on it was impossible not for Valorie to see the short woman’s stomach growing by the second. The slight and easy to miss bump from her patrons pee giving way to a much larger protrusion that only seemed to grow with each mouthful. Her tight blue dressing being pushed away from her by the strange growth pushing out of her abdomen.

It was getting harder for Laura to swallow, her stomach was full and sending signals for her to stop. But she couldn’t, the gleeful look on her majesty’s face as she started to struggle enough to reignite the fire in her mind as to not lose to the woman. It had been over a minute of solid drinking, her stomach ached with fullness and she could feel it starting to spasm inside her. The quantity of rich wine making her nauseous, but she would not fail! Tilting back the vase she looked into it, she was almost done! With renewed vigour she guzzled down the remaining liquid until finally the giant vase lay empty. Coughing once she felt the contents of her body shift uncomfortably and looking down she could see why. Her stomach was now protruding and making her look heavily pregnant, the quantity of wine pushing her body to its limits.

“Have you had your fill, or should I order you another?” The queen said harshly, displeased by her success.

“Yes your majesty.”

“You would like another?”

“I..um no…im sorry your majesty.” She stammered. If she made her drink another, she knew she would be unable to take it without something failing catastrophically.

“Good. But if I catch you stealing wine again, Ill have you serve every guest at this party by yourself. Now go find your lords and get out of my sight.”

Without waiting for the servant to leave the Queen began to march off, walking back towards her mother as Valorie and Morgana shared a look agreeing not to get themselves in trouble if that was the price. Grabbing a vase for them Valorie quickly followed the queen taking a quick glance at Laura as she uneasily walked off clutching her bloated stomach with one hand and another jug in the other.

Continuing to walk around the garden for a short while they soon arrived at a covered stand with a number of benches, the queens mother suggesting they take a short rest after so much walking. Sighing heavily as she sat it was clear lady Meredith felt more relaxed, but it was starting to become apparent that it was not just her feet that were aching. Her legs tightly pressed together and angled to one side as they sat around.

“Servant” the queen said loudly, shaking her empty glass in Valorie’s direction once more.

“Yes your majesty” she replied, walking over and carefully pouring her a glass of wine.

Stepping over to the queen’s mother she offered to fill her glass but just got a gentle shake of the head and a clearly forced smile in response.

The group sat there for some time, the minutes passing by quickly as the queen and Geoffrey talked, her mother quieter than she had been previously. From how they spoke It was clear that he had been chosen as the one to wed the queen in an effort to start rebuilding the trust of the country. As Valorie and Morgana stood there the conversation often diverted from heroic stories of his battles to talks of the future and how they could rebuild the country together.

As the evening passed the sun began to set and the temperature dropped, causing a shiver to pass down Morgana’s back. The fancy dress she was wearing providing little in the way of protection from the cold.

“Are you cold my Lady?” Geoffrey asked, the mere suggestion that she was a lady and not just a servant clearly ruffling the feathers of the queen. Morgana had done nothing but serve them faithfully but to the queen it still seemed the lords fondness for her was the only thing in the way of the marriage and alliance the queen so desperately wanted.

“Im fine my lord” Morgana replied, smiling curtly at him.

“Perhaps the lord is right. Why don’t you go and take a moment to warm up in the kitchens and return with a new vase.” She said, indicating for Valorie to give her the still third full jug.

“Thank you, your grace” Morgana said curtsying and disappearing behind a hedge yet again.

As she rounded the hedge she could see Anna being pulled along by one her patrons. Led by her hand she was being forced to walk at a pace that was clearly too fast for her to find comfortable, her free hand resting under her bladder that had clearly bloated out even more. A slight groaning noise could be heard from her as she was pulled past, her thighs shaking with each heavy step that caused her face to contort slightly. Her patrons had been having their way with her over the last few hours and she was paying the price for being given a group, despite her bladder’s capabilities.

Reaching the kitchen Morgana pressed open the door, the room filled with dozens of staff bustling around as the prepared the evenings food. They were apparently so busy that one poor servant had lost her shoe in the scramble to prepare the evenings feast. Finding a number of full jugs she picked on up and began her walk back, deciding to take the long way back.

“Please hurry we have too….Oh! please excuse the interruption your grace” a lord said, bowing slightly as he emerged from the bushes with Macey and another lord in toe. From the man’s not so subtle squirming it was clear he desperately needed to pee, although as Valorie looked towards her friend it was definitely not the first time. Her thin frame now sporting a large bulge in her abdomen as she stood there with her legs pressed together.

“Lord’s Thornton” The queen said, acknowledging their presence but not initiating a conversation. Either to save the desperate elderly lords graces or just because she had no interest in having one.

Blushing deeply the lord bowed again, shuffling off to find somewhere else to relieve himself into Macey. The chamber maid and Valorie sharing one last slightly forlorn look between them as Macey was led away.

“Ah there you are, I was wondering if you had gotten lost?” the queen chastised Morgana as she approached a few minutes later.

“I have your wine your grace, but I’m afraid someone has asked me to get Lady Meredith for them” Morgana said, curtsying slightly.

“Requested me, what on earth for?” The queens mother asked.

“Im not sure your grace, I did not question them”

“Yes, as you should” the queens mother replied, a quiet grunt escaping her lips as she stood using her left hand to steady herself. “Well my dear, it seems duty calls” she said, putting a hand on her daughters shoulder for a moment.

Walking with steady but short steps the ageing royal walked alongside the taller Morgana for a while, snaking their way through the grounds and heading for a far corner. “What on earth are they doing all the way out here?” Lady Meredith asked, they hadn’t seen anyone in the last few minutes as many now stuck closer to the refreshments than at the start. Stopping and turning around Morgana looked into the eyes of the queen’s mother.

“I apologise if this is going to far, but I couldn’t help but notice that you seemed to be in need of a chamber pot and I would like to offer you my services as a chamber maid. Despite your predisposition of not wanting to use one of us, I assure you it is no trouble for me and I will speak nothing of this to anyone.” Morgana spoke quickly but clearly, hoping to get the explanation out before she could be interrupted. But now as an awkward silence grew between them, she wished she had something else to say. Her lips pursed in anticipation and worry of what the royal might say.

“I….” The queen’s mother stopped for a moment, her eyes closing as something else got her attention. She had written off the idea of using a member of her court as a chamber pot on principle, but had failed to think of an alternative. “But, I cant just use you”

“It is what I am here for your grace, it is my duty to hold for you so you can carry out your own duties.” Morgana said, curtsying for added effect.

“Well, I’m sorry it has come to this Morgana, but you may be right. My bladder may not be able to last the night and my need is getting quite strong and distracting from my other duties.” She said rubbing her lower abdomen. “You have my thanks” she reluctantly finished off, accepting her fate and taking the end of Morgana’s device.

Now connected to each other Morgana felt her distended bladder start to fill once again, although looking at the woman opposite it was hard to tell anything was happening. Lady Meredith’s face was completely blank with her eyes closed, only the increasing pressure and warmth in her lower abdomen told her exactly what was going on.

Despite being the other side of middle aged it seemed the queen’s mother still had a sizeable and strong bladder. For more than a minute she continued to empty herself, a steady and un-rushed stream pouring out of her and into Morgana. It should have come as no surprise to the chamber lady given the fact everyone seemed to have relieved themselves once, twice or in some cases more times into their chamber maids. The fact that she had gone this long without was impressive, even as Morgana felt her dress starting to tighten considerably around her midriff.

After almost two minutes the stream finally stopped, Lady Meredith sighing deeply with her eyes still closed. She had just used a chamber lady, something she had said she would never do.

“I would appreciate your discretion” she finally said, ending the silence and opening her eyes.

“You have it my lady” Morgana said, curtsying slightly less gracefully as she got use to the new weight of her bladders contents.

Finding their way back towards the main part of the garden a quiet rustling of a nearby bush caught their attention. Looking beyond it they could see Macey standing rigidly as one of the Lord Thornton’s was handing a familiar device to the other as he danced desperately on the spot. This area clearly becoming a favourite of those who wished to discretely use the chamber ladies.

“Lord’s Thornton?”

“Your grace!” the both cried simultaneously, the desperate lord standing up straight and visibly wincing.

“Its been too long” Lady Meredith said, moving into to shake hands with them both.

“Indeed it has Lady Meredith”

As the small talk started Morgana’s gaze drifted beyond the two lords and to Macey. The young woman barely moving from her spot the entire time, a worried and pained expression plastered across her face as she did her best to remain composed.

But after a couple of minutes she heard her whimper softly, her eyes widening and looking down in mild surprise. Following her gaze Morgana could just make out another of the devices she had just used with the queen’s mothers and through it appeared to be a flowing stream of her patron’s pee. She wasn’t sure how the lord had managed it without anyone noticing, but it seemed he had somehow attached himself and was currently relieving himself into Macey. A calm look on his face as he physically relaxed, his shoulders sinking and giving the game away slightly.

A few steps behind him Macey let out a groan that thankfully for her seemed to go unnoticed by everyone but Morgana who was watching the poor woman’s plight. Clearly she was at her capacity, her bulging bladder pulsing inside her as the unrelenting stream from the man attached to her filled it even more. Still Macey stood there, now rocking slightly but not daring to go any further in the presence of the queen’s mother. Her lord filling her even as he spoke, seemingly now well practised with using the poor woman as a chamber pot.

“Well I suppose we should be getting back to my daughter before the feast starts” Lady Meredith said, expecting to leave the two lords and head back with just Morgana.

“My lords may I be…..” Macey started; she had been patiently waiting for their meeting to end so she could desperately ask to relieve herself.

“Ah yes, we have been meaning to speak to Kei…Her majesty about something. Mind if we accompany you?” One of the lords asked, interrupting Macey and causing the queens mother to pause. But unable to think of any other way out of it she simply nodded, indicating their way forward with her hand as the group moved off.

“How are you doing?” Morgana quietly asked Macey, her feet still rooted to the spot as the group started to move away. The strain of her brimming bladder taking its toll on the woman, a quiet whimper and worried expression was the only response she could give. Her giant inflated bladder causing her an indescribable amount of discomfort. Taking one step forward she groaned quietly, her upper body lurching forward as something inside her pulsed painfully. But she had to follow, it was her duty and she couldn’t be left behind.

Red faced and sweating profusely Macey continued, taking small mincing steps as she almost panted with exertion. One step, two steps, three steps, each causing explosions of pain inside her as even the careful movements she was making strained her brimmingly full bladder. Now behind the lords and Lady Meredith she gave herself one last hope, her left hand moving between her legs as she walked, pressing heavily into her crotch to offer her aching muscles a small reprieve in the hopes of lasting a while longer. Surely, she would be able to get a break soon, perhaps when the feast started they would be too preoccupied with their meals to notice.

Walking slowly she and Morgana followed the nobles for a couple of minutes, their long journey to the absolute edges of the garden taking them far away from the others. While she might have craved the privacy of such a place, the constant walking was wreaking havoc inside Macey’s body. The sudden spikes in pain and discomfort that happened with each step had turned into a continuous wave, with each step amplifying the crashing of the waves of urine stored within her bladder.

Suddenly stopping to inspect a particularly rare rose she felt the waves continuing to batter her defences despite being still. A quite whimper escaped her again as she pressed harder on her womanhood, she couldn’t make the feast she had to find a way of excusing herself.

“Servant, would you be so kind as to go and get us some wine” Her lord said, turning to face them.

Realising he was about to look at her, Macey’s hand flew away from her crotch, she couldn’t be caught performing such an undignified thing as holding herself. But even as her hand was swiftly moving away from it she realised her mistake, a strong pulse ripped through her body causing her to clutch herself again. Doubling over she groaned out loud for the first time, everyone turning to look at the tortuously full woman as he whole body shook.

“Oh no” a quiet hiss filling the still air as a trail of wetness could be seen escaping from her left foot. She was fighting to remain in control of her bulging bladder, but it was no use.

“UUUhhhhh” she groaned again, her whole body convulsing as the final spasm turned the slow stream into a raging torrent. The front of the dress afforded to her by the crown darkening as a deluge of piss splattered noisily onto the flagstone pathways of the queen’s garden. Her bladders control gone she remained bent over, a hand on her slowly deflating bladder as the contents of her patrons bladders flowed out of her and into the puddle that was forming beneath her wet legs.

Taking a step back as the deluge of liquid continued to spray out of her friend Morgana couldn’t help but press her own legs together, the sound of it splattering on the stones causing her own discomfort to rise.

After a full minute of wetting the front and back of her cream coloured dress were completely saturated, some of the fine material turning see through and sticking to her sodden legs. Her pale pink skin easy to see through the expensive dress that she had just ruined. Begging to sob Macey couldn’t believe she had failed to hold it. She had humiliated herself and her lords in front of the queen’s mother. What would she do now, what could she do now?

Finally, the heavy stream came to and end as the last of the light flagstones darkened in a massive arc around the humiliated woman. An awkward silence falling between the group as none of them knew what to do.

“My poor girl, Morgana please will you take her back to the castle and get her cleaned up.” The queens mother said, stepping towards the sobbing woman but stopping at the edge of the giant puddle that was slowly draining away between the cracks in the flagstones.

“Yes your majesty” Morgana said before going wide eyed for a moment, “I mean yes my lady” she said correcting herself, Macey’s accident causing her a moment of distraction, but it didn’t seem as if Lady Meredith had noticed. Putting an arm around Macey as drops continued to fall from her soaked clothing she led her away from the lords and back towards the castle.

Unfortunately for Macey the only route back would mean they would have to pass a number of other party goers, and no matter what they tried there was just no way they could cover up the state of Macey’s dress and the accident that had happened. As they began to pass party goes a number of loud gasps from ladies of the court only heightened the humiliation for Macey, her face burning red as she looked at her own feet and letting Morgana guide her.

“Wheeey” a cheer from a group of clearly drunken young men nearby almost made her flinch.

“Come on Anna, why don’t you give us a show like your friend here” One of them shouted and lifting her eyes she caught a small smile from Anna who was the one serving the table of

“I bet you would be up for it after some wine, what do you think” Another added, trying to force a class of wine into Anna’s hands with an arm on her shoulder. The son of one of the lords here clearly taking a shine to the slim dark-haired woman.

“Im not supposed to drink” She tried to rebuff the man’s advances.

“I thought you were supposed to serve us”

“I….”

“One glass.” He countered.

Unclenching her hand a large goblet was quickly placed in it and looking at the excited face of her Patron she took a small sip which caused another cheer to go up from the group.

Exchanging knowing and slightly worried glances Anna watched Morgana lead the wet Macey towards the castle, hoping that despite her aching bladder she would not follow suit. But looking down at the glass of wine in her hand, she could help but feel the tightness in her stomach.

“Do you want any more wine lady Wellington, perhaps some Ale?”

“Oh goodness no, ive drunk far too much” the tall lady said, her hand stifling an un-lady like burp that took her by surprise.

“Yes, I have never been so well waited upon, my cup has not gone dry for the entire evening!” Her husband said raising it towards Laura. “Your service has been impeccable, but speaking of I must make use of you again.”

Smiling at him Laura quickly got out the device, she would show Morgana who the really holding queen was. There was no way she would be holding as much as her!

Soon yet another stream was flowing into her massively distended bladder, the lords own large bladder apparently full to its capacity once again. Grimacing slightly, she could feel her body starting to strain under the weight of the wine she had been forced to drink and the contents of already bulging bladder. Placing a hand on her growing abdomen she could feel the forks of pain radiating out from it, but even as her body was forced to stretch to new and painful levels it was all just a reminder of how strong she was. Nothing could break her not even…..

“Yes, I need to use you too” The lords wife said.

Perfect, Laura thought to herself, even as her body continued to scream at her to stop.

Across the garden the queen was clearly enjoying finally getting Geoffrey to herself. The pair chatting like old friends, with her occasionally resting her hand on his arm and laughing whenever he made a joke. Despite how much the powerful woman intimidated her, Valorie couldn’t help but enjoy seeing this side of the power couple. But soon the chatter of a group soon approached them, the Queens mother returning with a pair of lords but curiously without either Morgana or Macey who she had seen with the two men earlier.

“Your majesty” they both bowed.

“Sorry for leaving last time, we had something to…attend to. But if you have a minute, we would love to talk to you about something?”

“Of course,” she smiled curtly, but despite what she was saying it was easy to see she was not pleased with the interruption. But considering she was now the queen and her mother had brought them, she couldn’t exactly say no.

Despite her reluctance the queen soon got into the swing of things, the two lords talking about everything from crops to tax and even the war. Soon the notion of a minute went out the window, the aristocratic talking seeming to stretch out indefinitely for Valorie and the returning Morgana who got yet another disapproving look from the queen.

But as Valorie watched on she was becoming more and more aware of the uncomfortable looks and slight fidgeting on the faces of the two men who were standing opposite the queen. She wasn’t sure how long they had all been talking, but it was becoming clear that it was more than enough time for the evenings wine to start catching up with both of the men talking to her. They were doing their best to hide it from the queen who did seem to be unaware, continuing to talk even as they were beginning to politely try and wind up the conversation. But each time they did it, she would bring up a new topic and they were ultimately stuck there talking to her until she said so.

But eventually to the assured relief of both men, a loud bell soon rang through the gardens. The feast was about to begin!

“Shall we head in?” The queen suggested.

Taking a moment to look at each other it was clear neither of them wanted that. “You go ahead, we are going to talk about something first.” They agreed.

“As you wish” She said nodding, both lords bowing with strained faces as she walked away from them.

As soon as the group was out of sight, the two lords dashed through the garden looking for Macey or another chamber lady, their need dire.

Spotting a servant walking through they waved a hand “You there, maid we require your assistance.”

“How may I help?” a bemused looking servant asked, a look of confusion and worry at being greeted by two such hurried men.

“Here take this, we require relief” one of them said, hastily pressing the device they still had from Macey into the woman’s hand.

“But..Im not a chamber lady” Kelly responded, her mind going back a few hours to when she had disgraced herself in the tests. She had done her best, but moving her legs apart when she had been more desperate than she could ever remember had been just too much for her and her bladder.

“You are a servant and we are nobles, so you will serve us.” He continued, hastily undoing his trousers and attaching himself to the device that she still held in her hands.

“No buts girl, it is your duty to serve.” The other added.

It wasn’t right, she wasn’t supposed to be doing this. But how was she supposed to argue with these people, they were nobles and she was just a servant.

Connecting herself up she instantly felt the lord’s bladder relax and a heavy stream of urine flow into her bladder. It was a feeling she couldn’t have forgotten from earlier that day, but it didn’t make it any more comfortable. Instinctively she began to rub her highs together under the dress, the strange feeling of being filled making it feel like she was already desperate despite knowing she had barely needed the bathroom a few moments ago. Closing her eyes she exhaled sharply as her bladder cramped or a moment, the lord had clearly had a lot to drink but thankfully it seemed he was coming to the end of his pee.

However, before she could say anything, she could see the look in the others lords eyes, eyes that were transfixed on the device she was attached too. A grimace on his face he and one hand permanently inside his trousers, an indecent posture but judging by grimace on his face one that was necessary. Would she be able to take them both, did she have any chance.

“Hurry up Eddard” He whispered harshly.

“Ok, im almost done.” The peeing noble said gleefully.

But it was almost too late already, as he let go of his member to grab the device he groaned loudly and his movements became more hurried. Unable to wait he yanked his trousers away from himself, a stream bursting forwards and spraying against Kelly who flinched in response. But before she could say or do anything else the lord managed to attach the device to himself, the stream that had started finally under control and going down the tubing.

As the second bladder in as many minutes began to inflate Kelly she was now the one groaning, but not in relief. An uncomfortable weight and pressure sitting inside her abdomen that she used one hand to rub it gently as she began shifting where she stood. The wetness of the bottom of her dress an unhelpful reminder of how desperate she was quickly becoming. She wasn’t a chamber maid, why did these lords have to use her, where was their chamber maid at a time like this!

Now in the main hall Valorie had found herself sat almost at the head of the tables, one place over from the queen and in a position of almost power. Realistically it was simply so she was never too far from her in the event she needed to pee, which she hadn’t done for a while as Valorie started thinking about it. Although having watched the wine and ale disappear through the evening it was Geoffrey that had been downing the stuff, with a thirst that made both her and the queen suspicious he was really doing it to get a moment alone with Morgana from time to time.

As they had approached the castle he had once again gone off with the beautiful servant much to the queen’s annoyance. An annoyance that only seemed to exponentially increase once she realised that as his chamber maid, she would be sat in between the queen’s self and Geoffrey. She had suggested that she simply sit on the left of him, but neither her mother or Caroline were pleased with it, everything had apparently been prepared with an exact order in mind.

As the feast began and the first of thirteen courses was brought out, Valorie found herself looking around the room from her elevated position of Pseudo power, noticing her friends and fellow chamber ladies scattered through the room.

After her desperate dash earlier Charlotte was back with her group, sitting quietly with her legs together she neither looked unhappy or happy to be there. Occasionally she would glance nervously over to where Anna was, the boisterous and disruptive laughter of the drunk young men along with their treatment of the younger woman clearly troubling her.

Anna for her part was still filling their ever emptying glasses, a large bulge and unsteady walking gate indicating where it was all going. Her pursed lips and a faint sheen of sweat across her brow, the tell-tale signs of someone in dire need of a break. But despite how she looked, it was nothing compared to Laura. The overly confident blonde now rocking in her seat, her bladder protruding through her tight dress and giving her the appearance of someone easily 5 months pregnant. Valorie couldn’t help but feel slightly sorry for her, but at the same time she had done this too herself. Caroline had warned her about boasting and she not headed her or Macey’s warnings.

Thinking of Macey she did a quick scan of the room but the chamber maid was no where to be seen, her patrons now seemed to be accompanied by the older seamstress from the sale who had also claimed to be a chamber lady, if she was remembering correctly.

“Valorie” a voice caught her off guard as she studied the room. Looking over the queen was looking at her, one of her hands beneath the table and beckoning for something. It took her a moment to realise but she was clearly indicating that she was going to use her, she was going to pee right here in the middle of the room surrounded by nobles. Caroline had said they would need to be discrete but this was something else.

Handing over the device she soon felt the rush of the queens pee beginning to enter her. For the most part Valorie had managed to ignore her need to pee so far, the two loads from the queen filling her substantially but not making her desperate enough to be worried. But now as it was forced to the forefront of her mind she couldn’t deny the pressure inside her bladder was getting to unbearable levels, and it didn’t seem as if the queen was planning on stopping any time soon. The hot liquid rushing through the device and pumping up her abdomen, the first light spasms of her muscles started as she desperately fought to keep her face calm and collected to anyone who looked their way. But as the queens pee tapered off a minute later that was easier said than done, her large load making her rapidly stretched muscles contract as they tried to force Valorie to empty herself right there and then.

Quiet laughter from beside her caused her to look left.

“Something funny?” The queen asked as Morgana and Geoffrey chuckled about something privately.

“Nothing your majesty” she replied, her face instantly sullen and looking towards the floor.

“Mmmmm” The queen said, clearly unimpressed by the apparent in-joke between the two of them, her eyes watching the chamber maid with some suspicion.

Thankfully as the first few courses were put out and time passed, Valorie found her body slowly reaching an aching equilibrium. Her bulging bladder now full and pressing down on her muscles painfully, but she still felt in control.

Pushing the remnants of a half eaten pigeon pot pie slightly away from herself she was distracted by some loud chanting, two large bearded men chugging back large tankards of ale in an apparent race. It was a close race but as the victor upturned his tankard on his head, a small amount of ale dripping down his face another cheer went up.

How were these men allowed to behave like this was beyond Valorie, although from what she had heard from the conversations many were not lords until recently. The war having left many lands without one or given away as prizes or rewards for particularly brave warriors or commanders. It definitely seemed many of them would belong more on a battlefield than a diplomatic banquet such was this evening.

Continuing to watch the winner seemed to claim his prize, a chance at relieving himself. A reluctant and heavily laden Anna standing up and even at 100ft her bladder bulge was noticeable. The group having used her a number of times through the night, with one more load on its way as the heavy-set man connected himself in full view of anyone that happened to be looking their way. A deep grimace appearing on the brunette’s face almost as soon as he was connected, her bladder clearly pushed to its absolute limits as her hands cradled it.

As the moments passed her posture was changing almost constantly. The rush of liquid that went unseen to Valorie making the filling Anna lean more and more over as her bladder swelled even further. By the time the lengthy pee had finished she was almost doubled over, her face red and chest heaving as she battled with the contents of her body.

Inside her mind Anna was panicking, she could feel her muscles trembling as they had been for a while now, but this felt completely different. Unlike the spasms and contractions that had been rocking her body for what felt like half the day, these pulses seemed to be actively squeezing her bladder. Her whole abdomen contracting around it, trying desperately to squeeze it open so that it could relieve some of the monumental pressure inside it.

“Thanks mate, needed that!” The man said, before she felt a heavy impact on her back as the drunken man seemed to hit her like one of his warrior friends.

But for Anna this sudden and unexpected impact made her stumble and worse she felt a jet of her pent-up piss spray out and into her undergarments. Falling to her knees she desperately threw both her hands between her shaking thighs and somehow stemmed the flow from her aching bladder. But she knew, she didn’t have long. No matter what the appearance she needed to relieve herself now!

“Sorry love” The man said, offering her a hand that she took with a shaking one of her own.

“You alright” he asked, seemingly concerned his heavy handedness had actually injured her, somehow ignoring the giant ball of his own piss sticking out of her.

“I….” she started, her mind still overwhelmed by the burning sensation between her legs, an ungrateful bladder demanding she let it continue what it had started.

“Want me to kiss it better.” Another of the group joked, but she was too desperate to answer.

“Come on love, why don’t you come over here and I’ll make you forget all about the big bad man.” He continued, gently pulling the small woman along and guiding her over to him before tugging her slightly and causing her to fall directly onto his lap.

“doesn’t this feel better” he said suggestively.

“But I…..” she tried again, her face now burning hot as her body redoubled its efforts to make her lose control.

“First time, don't worry I’ll be gentle” the man sneered slightly, his hand going down between her legs that snapped shut around them. Ordinarily she would have slapped the man for even attempting this, but she couldn’t move without risking losing it all right in the middle of the halland worse in front of the queen.

“Please, Lord Argyll you don’t understand” she managed to whimper out.

“No need to be so formal, call me Lawrence.”

“Please you don’t understand…”

“Wow, look how wet she is for me.” He laughed, ignoring or misreading her plea.

“Im…Im…Im sorry I cant…” she whimpered as her body began to tremble on top of him, a deeply confused look on his face. But finally her bloated bladder could take it no longer, a second burst of urine escaping her control and flowing through his hand moments before the dam completely broke. A wave of pee flowing from her, soaking through the back of her dress and onto the lord beneath her.

“What are you, Oh my god!” He shouted, hastily standing and shoving the peeing woman from his lap and ungracefully onto the floor where a large puddle started to form around her.

As the room fell silent and all eyes turned towards Anna as a loud hiss echoed through the hall. The wide open space causing the noise to reverberate around the room and meaning there would be no mistaking what was going on. Hanging her head she felt her bladder still pulsing inside her as an ocean of pee continued to spill out of her and across the wooden flooring. A never-ending pee causing an ever-expanding puddle, those sitting at the same table as the lord who was hastily drying his trousers forced to move away or lift their feet as it flowed underneath them.

“Alright nothing to see here” Caroline said loudly as she marched over to Anna, forcefully picking her up and taking her slowly towards the servants’ quarters. A trail of pee still snaking its way down her slim legs and following them as the walked across the hall. A number of whispers starting up as peoples conversations soon resumed, although many now talking about what they had just seen.

The next couple of courses passed uneventfully, but as the fourth main course was placed in front of them and their glasses refilled once more a group slowly approached them. The group of elderly looking women all sharing the same uncomfortable and unsteady pace as they climbed the few steps to where the queen was seated.

“Your majesty, may we talk to your mother?” one asked quietly.

“Of course”The queen replied, looking away and back to her food now she knew she was not needed.

“Meredith, please. We have all tried to hold but it is not possible.” The front woman pleaded with the queen’s mother quietly.

“Please we do not want to disgrace you but we have no other option, we are not as strong as you” another added.

A strange look appeared on Lady Meredith’s face as her friends begged her to let them use a chamber lady. It had been clear this morning that they all shared her distain for using their servants, but as she had done earlier with Morgana they too were now reaching their limits. But she could not admit to it, to be the first of them to break and give in would be a stain on her reputation.

“I suppose, if you must and there is no other option.” She said, the group of her friends looking much happier now. “Although, there are few chamber ladies this evening and I’m not sure if you will be able to find a willing one this late.”

This statement caused a few glances to be exchanged between the noble women, who had not thought about that fact.

“Nonsense” the queen interrupted, carefully wiping her mouth with a cloth napkin.

Clicking twice towards a table below them “You there, servant” she said waving a hand and beckoning the woman towards her.

Slowly rising from her seat Laura couldn’t help but let out a quiet gasp, her bladder troubling her greatly. With great difficulty she took the steps up to the queen at a crawl, her thighs tensing rhythmically as the group of nobles looked towards her.

“Your majesty” She said.

“It is good etiquette to curtsy when addressing a queen”

“Sorry your grace” taking a moment Laura steeled her reserve, tensing her entire body as she bent he knees and her legs were forced apart. A bead of sweat rolling down the side of her face as the queen watched on gleefully, enjoying every moment of her suffering.

“I’m sure between our wine thief here and Morgana they can handle all of you.” The queen said smiling. “If you both think you can handle the extra duties?” she added, looking at Morgana for a response.

“Of course your majesty” A forced smile appearing on her face, her eyes portraying the slight worry she had about this idea. If these women had been holding it the entire evening there was no way these would be small quantities they were about to take in. Although looking at how Laura was standing, she was unsure the overconfident blonde would be able to take one let alone two or three.

“Well then, that settles it.” Thinking for a moment, the queen was clearly contemplating something. “You three” she said pointing to the three on the left including the two that had spoken. “Go with Her, while you two can use Morgana.”

The fact that she only had to take two made Morgana sigh with relief, she could manage that many.

Handing her device over under the table the two elderly patrons quickly got the gist of what she was suggesting, it took them a few moments to overcome the worry of relieving themselves while stood in front of the queen but their desperation soon overcame it.

Meanwhile Laura was doing the same, stood slightly to the side of the table the first of the women grabbed her device and was soon relieving themselves into her aching bladder. Clutching herself with both hands she could feel the extra liquid causing more and more spasms to rock her body as her maxed out bladder was forced to contain even more. Grimacing she fought the urge to yank out her device, even as the strong pulses intensified and pain raked across her bloating abdomen.

Morgana had been right, these were not small bladdered women and as the first of them finished up she was starting to worry about how full she was getting. Each moment and each new patron was bringing her closer and closer to her limit, but in a strange way as she watched Laura’s bulging bladder forced to grow even larger it gave her hope that she still had plenty of room left to faithfully serve her patron.

As the third of Laura’s patrons attached themselves she was seeing stars, an unbearable level of discomfort causing her to squirm even though it did nothing for her. With white knuckles she grabbed the edge of the table, her nails digging into the wood with a vice like grip as she tried not to scream out in pain, her bladder feeling as if it was tearing itself apart. But it wasn’t the only thing, a loud ripping noise emanated from her side as the size of her over inflated bladder began to force the seams of her dress apart. The expensive clothing being destroyed the quantity of liquid she was somehow containing inside her body.

Grunting with each breath it felt like every drop of this last woman’s bladder was boiling inside her, burning up her bladder as sweat began to form all over her body. Yet even in this state she looked towards the woman she was so driven to beat, Morgana. Despite her confident posture she could see the cracks forming in her foe’s appearance, her rigid posture and occasional grimaces giving the game away as she watched the woman using her finish up. Panting, red faced, sweating and with a dress coming apart around her body Laura’s focus was solely on her adversarial, ignorant of the strange glances and looks she was getting from those around her.

“I must say Morgana, I admire your strength.” Geoffrey said as the two women left the stage much more relieved. The spoken admiration causing the queens face to turn a red with anger as she stared daggers into the back of her servant’s head. She had noted the disgust of some of the others when the previous chamber ladies had slowly lost control and now it had given the perfect way to turn Geoffrey against Morgana. She would show him what true strength and power looked like.

“You there, we need more wine” she called over a servant who stood in front of the queen, her own glass already full. Picking it up she chugged it back, putting the large goblet back down quickly.

“Perhaps Morgana and Valorie would like some as well.” She said, indicating to their glasses that had remained empty throughout the feast. The servant nodding and pouring some into the three of theirs, Valorie and Morgana exchanging glances but reluctantly accepting the wine. Each picking up the glass and taking a few small sips.

Stepping gingerly off the stage Laura’s mind was lost, completely flooded with signals from her body as her abdomen twitched, her muscles almost writhing within her.

“Where have you been?” an angry comment came through her desperate haze, looking up she recognised the man shouting at her as her Patron, the one she was supposed to be serving.

“Ugh…I….I…” she tried to form a word between her heavy breathing, her ample chest rising and falling rhythmically with her eyes wide.

“Dear lord woman, what is wrong with you…. Now connect us so I may relieve myself.” Her patron commanded, ignoring the mass pushing out of her and the multitude of signs that she was on the very edge of her control.

With a shaking hand she limply held up the device of her torment. Quickly the large man connected himself where they stood, his urgency easy to see and soon a link was made and pee surged out of him and into the rocking Laura.

“Oooohhh” she began to whine quietly as her lord pushed her past her breaking point. A quiet complaint that soon escalated to a whale of pain and discomfort as her bladder was truly pushed past its physical limit. Clutching her monstrous bulge as more and more of her dress started to tear she could feel the mass of liquid quivering inside her. All eyes in the room now turning to watch the wailing woman, the spectacle nothing like anyone had seen before. Moments passed as she still fought against he inevitable, even her patron knew what was about to happen but unwilling to wait or help her he simply bore down on his muscles. If this was the last time he would get to empty himself he was dam well going to make the most of it and empty himself out as much as possible.

Feeling the flow increase her bladder became all but numb as she screamed at a pitch too high for anyone to hear, her head falling back as the silent scream left her. Moments later her bladder was done, it could literally take no more and with a final pulse it managed to squeeze the small device from itself. Her contracting muscles removing the end of the device that was still filling her so brutally, but now with nothing standing in its way her bladder exploded between her legs. An avalanche of piss streamed out of her at a ferocious volume and speed, splattering like torrential rain against the hard wood. The relief was pure bliss, after hours of torment of taking peoples bladders, of drinking a tables worth of wine it was over. Groaning this time in pleasure her whole body shuddered as streams of hot piss shot down her legs, her light blue dress darkening all the way around her mid-section and down her legs.

For the second time that night a hushed silence fell on the room, just the roaring from Laura’s accident and her laboured breaths filled the room. Small talk and jokes paused as everyone witnessed the explosion of piss that was still racing its way across the floor in all directions at the foot of the queens table. The blonde-haired woman at its centre staggering slightly from side to side as the thunderous stream between her legs continued.

The only movement in the room was from her patron lord Wellington, who was being forced to take more and more steps backwards as the tides of his own consumption flooded towards him. Almost everyone else was barely able to comprehend the speed and amount of liquid the small woman was producing, her puddle already larger than Anna’s and she showed no signs of stopping.

For almost two minutes the ocean inside her bladder continued to explode out of her and into the ever growing puddle beneath her. But finally, it came to an end, the room still silent as everyone stared at the drenched woman. Moments passed as people stood by awkwardly, some exchanging glances between themselves. But eventually Caroline made her way slowly over to Laura, saying nothing but guiding the still wobbling woman towards the servant’s chambers. Another of the chamber ladies she had selected this morning had failed and she prayed she would be the last.

“Someone clean up this mess” The queen shouted, a number of servants rushing to get enough equipment to deal with the monumental puddle that coated almost half the room.

“You see, this is why I was against this idea Keira” the queens mother said, shaking her head slightly.

“Just need to find more like Morgana here” Geoffrey said proudly.

“Quite, well Im going to go and speak to Caroline about this anyway” Lady Meredith said, standing and waving away the next plate of food heading in her direction.

It was then that Valorie remembered the queens mother had not relieved herself, but she was looking far less desperate now than she had a couple of hours earlier. Had she relieved herself like them but privately when she gone with Morgana, or had Morgana….

Turning to look at her friend she saw the tall woman sitting rigidly, her eyes closed for a moment with a hand between her legs. Next to her the prince seemed to be watching her with some interest, his own shoulders sagging slightly as he looked to be relaxing. Was he peeing into her right now?

Sure enough a few seconds later his hand fell beneath the table as he apparently detached himself from her, Morganas own hands resting on the table now. Had he started using her while Laura was also wetting herself, that seemed like a cruel and unusual punishment for Morgana to go through. But maybe he was just at his limit and Laura’s accident was too much for him? Beside her the queen seemed to be paying the price for the extra wine too, her own legs fidgeting slightly. But if she needed to go why would she simply not use her.

Over the next two courses she watched her Patrons movements become more and more pronounced, yet she made no move to use her. All the while she kept drinking more and more wine, making sure that her and Geoffrey’s glasses never ran dry even more than before. If there was the slightest hint that such a thing could occur, she would wave over a servant for more and making Valorie wonder what she was doing.

Having watched so many of the others lose control from her seat at the top, Valorie was starting to feel the pressure too. Sitting with her legs pressed tightly together she was all to aware of the wine making its way through her system, why did the queen make her and Morgana drink.

At the centre of the table Keira was starting to feel desperate now, ordinarily she would have gone a while ago but she didn’t want to waste this. She couldn’t believe the guile of her servant, how could a common woman like Morgana think she could have a chance with prince Geoffrey. Maybe she did have the posture of a noble woman, but she was nothing more than a chamber maid. She had seen the look of disgust on his face when the other maids had lost control, and as infallible as he seemed to think Morgana was she couldn’t last forever. Sitting proudly with him fawning over her, she needed to be reminded of her place. She was a servant not a lady and she would not mess up this marriage for her or the country.

Puffing out her cheeks she grabbed her glass of wine and tipped it back, once again emptying it and thanking her late father for giving her a tolerance to such drinks in his drunken ways. But with one final drop she could take the pressure in her bladder no more.

Reaching under the table her hand slowly searched for what she was looking for. Valorie’s device was easy to find, it was where she had left it several courses ago. But that wasn’t the one she wanted, having found her servants her hand wandered left, towards Morgana. Her hand soon made contact with the other servants device and she slowly manoeuvred it past her legs and towards Keira’s own aching bladder. Attaching it between her legs she took a deep breath, exhaling it slowly through her nose as she sighed with relief.

Watching in the reflection of her silverware she revelled in the look of surprise on her targets face, surprise at the immense and instant discomfort that overcame her as an unknown person relieved themselves into her without warning. Quickly Morgana had looked towards the lord, but had soon realised it wasn’t her Patron that was emptying such a large quantity of pee into her bladder. Glancing down Morgana had clearly seen the way her tube was bending, figuring out that it was indeed the queen who was emptying into her bladder, yet she could do nothing about it.

Biting her lips together Morgana managed not to grunt out in discomfort as the queen filled her, but she couldn’t help but bend forwards as her brow furrowed. Inside her Morganas bladder was stretching considerably further than it had previously, the queen’s bladder far larger than that of his lordship. The muscles beneath her stomach were starting to throb as her heavy bladder began to push on them relentlessly. Each second that ticked by adding to the pressure she was already feeling inside herself, but she couldn’t say anything, it was the queen!

Glancing down Keira couldn’t help but enjoy the sight of Morgana’s slender hands, she was pressing her palms heavily into the table as her fingers curled and dug themselves into the woodwork. It was clear she was nearing the end of her ability to act with her fake decorum, and Keira had plenty left inside her. Baring down on her bladder she increased the speed of her pee, causing a soft suppressed squeal to escape from Morgana.

“Is everything ok?” Geoffrey asked, his concern for the servant only fulling the queens distain for her as she squeezed as hard as she could.

“Uhuh yes, sorry” Morgana blushed, her hands falling to her lap as she did her best to control herself and not show too much discomfort in front of him. But a few moments later another groan escaped her as the pressure inside her peaked for a moment, causing her to lean over slightly more. Her bladder was pulsing madly inside her as the queen’s massive bladder kept forcing more and more into her tired and aching one.

But to the queen’s dismay, she soon found herself running out. Her bladder running dry before she could crack Morgana’s control. But given the noises coming out of her, it at least meant she could look at the woman so intent on ruining her life.

Studying her pale complexion, she could almost see the blood rushing to her cheeks as the black haired woman blushed deeply. Her nostrils flaring and small twitches at the corners of her eyes giving away the extent of the battle going on beneath the surface. She was close to cracking, Keira knew it, but annoyingly she found herself completely relieved and with little of the evening left she was not sure if she could drink enough for a repeat performance. She would need to find another way to best her foe. But then a slight shuffle from her own Chamber maid, whatever her name was, caught her attention before a smile grew on her face. She now knew what she had to do.

“You there servant, go and get some more wine” The queen waved at a small dark haired servant as she hurriedly walked past the bottom of their table.

“Yes your majesty” she carefully curtsyed, her thighs curiously tensing as she separated her legs.

A few moments later she approached the table with a large jug of wine, the sight making the queen smile wickedly.

“Valorie, why don’t you have some more wine.” She said, finally remembering the chamber maids name.

“I uhhh” Valorie didn’t know how to respond, one glass wouldn’t be too bad would it?

“No need to be so nervous, you are my servant now so why not try some more.” The queen continued, her expression far more friendly than she had seen before. In fact this might be the first time she had even used her name. But without waiting for a reply, the queen gestured for the servant to fill her glass.

Looking up Valorie recognised the serving girl as one of those who had failed the test earlier, what was her name…Kelly?

Kelly herself had been about to make a mad dash for the door she had seen the others come back in from after those that had passed had relieved themselves. But walking past the queens table had been a mistake, one she hoped would not be fatal to her dignity even as she felt her muscles burning between her legs.

Pouring the wine into the glass she noticed the woman in front of her squirming in her seat, she didn’t know what was going on but it seemed she was not in need of any more to drink.

That was a sentiment that Valorie couldn’t have agreed with more, her bladder pulsing faster at the sound of the wine hitting the glass on the table. As Kelly finished pouring the wine she looked up at the queen who gestured with her hand that she should drink. Picking up the glass she began to down the wine, the once sweet and fragrant drink tasting far more bitter this time.

Tipping her cup back she knew from the way the queen was looking at her she was expecting her to finish it. With just a few drops remaining she lowered it from her face, her bladder already feeling fuller even though there was no way it could have been.

As soon as the cup hit the table the queen spun her finger in a small circle to the waitress, indicating to refill her glass.

“More?” She asked, despite already filling her cup.

Sitting in silence Valorie knew it was a rhetorical question, she wanted her to drink it no matter what she said.

Reaching her hand out to the refilled glass she took it and began to drink down the new wine, the cool liquid flowing down her throat uneasily and pooling in her stomach where it would surely filter into her bloated bladder by the end of the feast.

Once again she drained her glass, placing it on the table and hoping that what ever the queen was doing was over. But to her dismay the queen motioned for it to be filled again by the waitress and quickly more wine flowed into her cup.

Reaching out a hand she hesitated for a moment, looking up at the queen and almost pleading with her eyes for this to end before it was too late.

“Keep drinking” the queen said, leaning towards her slightly.

“But I…” Valorie started, but her thought of talking back just seemed to make the queen look even angrier.

“Keep drinking, you wouldn’t want to refuse the generosity of the queen, would you?”

Again, Valorie knew not what to say, simply picking up the glass and putting it to her lips. But she wasn’t the only one suffering, a soft whimper from Kelly going unnoticed as the two other women locked eyes.

The sloshing liquid was playing havoc on both their bladders, the endless stream of drinks the queen was forcing Kelly to pour into the large chalice making them squirm almost equally. Valorie’s hand was now resting on her thigh as she dug her nails into it, trying to use anything, even pain to distract herself from the unending need to pee that would only get much worse once everything the queen was forcing to drink entered her bladder.

As the fourth glass was poured Kelly was unable to focus on anything but the rushing of the wine, the purple liquid leaving the heavy jug and splashing noisily into the metal cup beneath it. The swirling liquid reminding her of the contents of her bladder that had been filled beyond her comfortable capacity in the garden, her legs moving restlessly beneath her long dress that she hoped was concealing her desperate movements.

As the cup filled once again, she pressed herself slightly into the hard-wooden table, its edge at just the right height for her crotch. It was embarrassing, but she was too far gone to care and wetting herself next to the queen would be so much worse. Plus, she seemed preoccupied with forcing Valorie to drink her weight in wine. Looking into the chamber ladies’ eyes she could see the toll all the liquid was having on her, whatever the queen was doing was clearly working. Had her friend done something to offend the queen, was this a punishment of some sort?

“Seems like you could do with another, isn’t that right Valorie” The queen said, indicating to the cup that had run empty barely a second early.

Whimpering softly Valorie had no choice but to nod, her eyes looking pleadingly at the queen and then to Kelly. Surely the vase was running out, she had to have drunk almost its whole contents by now, the heavy and sickly weight now sitting in her stomach uneasily.

Looking down there was still a third of the jug left, but even as she finished pouring another glass she knew she could not wait for the poor woman sat in front of her to finish another three glasses, even if Valorie could do it without losing control of her bladder. Kelly’s legs were beginning to tremble more and more as spasms ripped through her body, her tiring muscles burning like she had lit a fire in her underwear. Her defences weakening by the second as she stood here, feet from the most powerful person in the country. Kelly knew she had to get out of here, she had been moments from wetting herself before she had been sent for the wine.

Letting out a small grunt and crossing one leg over the other Kelly felt the first momentary loss of control. A quick burst of wetness spreading through her undergarments, her defences had cracked and she wasn’t sure the rest of her bladders contents was far behind. Watching as Valorie finished her fifth glass she had to take a chance.

“Im…Im afraid we are out, I can get another one if you wish.” She said unsteadily, hoping the queen would not question her or look in the jug. But thankfully it seemed she was still more interested in her own maid than in Kelly.

“Be gone” she said, waving a hand dismissively and smiling at Valorie.

Not needing to be told again the serving girl almost fled the stage, a series of wet droplets following her path for anyone that was looking closely enough to notice.

As Valorie sat there, she could feel the contents of both her stomach and bladder swirling inside her. Breathing through her nose she was doing her best to fight off the nausea that was starting to set in, the quantity of wine sitting in her stomach taking its toll as the next plate of food was placed next to her.

By the 10th course Valorie was rocking in her seat gently as the pressure inside her bladder was quickly becoming unbearable, not helped by the queen eyeing her every move. Putting her hands on her knees she moved them in slow circles, hoping to sooth the worry that was creeping in about being able to last the night. What was the queen playing at, she knew she was desperate and yet she said nothing while watching her like a hawk.

Whimpering slightly Valorie gave in, sliding a hand between her legs and pressing against her tiring muscles. Looking up it was clear the queen was amused, another wicked smile plastered across it. Was this what she wanted?

“Well its seems my chamber lady is at her wits end”, The queen said loudly, all eyes on the table turning to her and then staring at the desperate Valorie. “perhaps I can find you some way of relief.” She finished raising her eyebrows, but Valorie knew it surely not that simple.

“Morgana, you seem to be handling it well, im sure you would be able to help your queen yes. Do you want to do your duty, or are you unable?” The queen said accusingly, locking eyes with the woman she was so fiercely attacking.

Morgana was unsure what to say, she had been minding her own business and now she was called out for not doing her duty? Looking over at Valorie it was clear that the young woman was about to wet herself, but she didn’t feel too far behind her in that matter.

“Go on, or do you want to wet yourself” She aimed that one at Valorie.

Standing unsteadily, Valorie felt the weight of her bladder moving inside her. The almost solid weight of pee pushing heavily on her muscles that were tiring after a day of being filled past her comfortable limits. Walking slowly, she rounded the table until she was in front of it and opposite her friend who herself was squirming in her seat.

Looking at Morgana she could see the worry in her eyes for the first time, the confidence behind her emerald gems wavering slightly. Morgana had seen how much the queen had forced her to drink and was clearly unsure of her ability to hold the evenings worth of guests and what Valorie had been forced to consume herself.

“Im not sure this is a good idea” Valorie said reluctantly, turning to look at the queen and hope she would reconsider

“Are you questioning your queen! Who do you think you are! Now, connect yourself to that woman so that you may relieve yourself and so may I.” she demanded

With no other option Valorie looked at Morgana apologetically, simply getting an uncertain nod in response. Handing over the other end of her Catheter she started to wonder if maybe she could release just enough to take the queens load, then the queen would never have to know. But surely the queen would notice the lack of flow, maybe if she could squeeze and slow it down enough, she could…

“What exactly is going on here Keira?” A voice shouted from behind Valorie, Lady Meredith’s sudden appearance startling many of them.

“Mother…my chamber lady needs to relieve herself so I have asked Morgana to take her.”

“Keira, you really think I haven’t noticed the glances, the looks, plying poor Valorie with her weight in wine and filling Morgana yourself in spite of the fact you have your own chamber maid.”

“I….dont know…I didn’t…How do…” The queen stammered, her face flushed as she was caught in her web of lies and actions. “Why does it matter to you.”

“Because I have already stood by while one of my family abuses her people and I will not do it again. I abdicated the throne for the good of the people as any decent queen would. I even let you entertain the idea of the chamber ladies, but this is not that my dear. These are your people and yes they are your servants but they are not your play things to do with as you wish.” She finished, a strong finger pointing accusingly at her daughter.

“They are just servants” the queen shouted back, standing up at the table to confront her mother who was berating her.

“And yet tonight they have shown more self-control and decorum than you, their queen.”

“How dare you!” Keira shot back, obviously offended at the mere suggestion of what her mother was saying.

“How dare I, you disagree then?” Her mother asked.

“Yes!”

“Well then, if you have such great control. Show me!” Lady Meredith said, her voice returning to a normal level yet still reverberating powerfully around the room. “If you want to prove you are better than just a servant, do their job.”

“What!” the queen asked, appalled by the idea.

“You think of yourself above them, show me and the room how powerful you are.”

“Yes, I will!” The queen shouted back, doubling down on her defiance as the room fell silent once again.

“Go on then, Valorie why don’t you go since you are the queens chamber lady it seems fitting.” Lady Meredith said, turning towards the servant as she danced desperately on the opposite side of the table to the queen who was still standing.

“I…” Valorie stuttered, her head confused by what was going on, was she supposed to pee into the queen now?”

“Come on then!” Keira shouted arrogantly.

Slowly walking over to her she hooked up the device, the whole room now watching. It took Valorie a moment to calm her quivering bladder enough to let go but as she opened the flood gates her knees almost buckled beneath her as she tasted relief.

“Oh god” she groaned breathlessly, her body sagging as pee burst forwards, rushing along the device and into the stone-faced queen. Standing tall with her arms folded across her chest, she stared defiantly at her chamber lady. Piss thundering between the two of them as the nights worth of royal pee was suddenly rewinding itself into the queen.

As the time wore on and she continued to fill the noblewoman stood in front of her, she could see the cracks starting to appear in her Queen. Flaring nostrils, clenching hands and a slight flinch every time she blinked were breaking the queens otherwise stalwart appearance. Even as the pee entered its third minute, she remained strong, the room still silent except for Valorie’s heavy breathing. Looking down from the queens face she could see her bladder stretching out, the royals expensive dress being force outwards as her pee thundered into the bloating woman.

By minute four it was even surprising Valorie, she would never have thought she could hold so much, her bladder was far larger than even she could have imagined.

“Oh god!” The queen groaned, a mirror of Valorie’s earlier statement as finally even the façade of pretending to be fine shattered in an instant.

“Please stop, I….I don’t think I can…” The queen stuttered, doubling over and reaching a hand out towards her mother, pleading with her.

“Keep going” Lady Meredith said, but at this point it wasn’t even up to Valorie. Her muscles were far too weak to even attempt to stop, she was in this for the full duration and so was the queen.

“HHuuHH, HHuuuHH, HHuuuHH, the queen breathed animalistically, staring at the floor as her bladder swelled past anything she had ever felt before. Her servant’s capacity easily surpassing that of her own.

“Ahhhh” The queen cried again, her arms wrapping around her abdomen as it was pumped fuller and fuller, her face red and sweating profusely as it stretched. Groaning again and again the discomfort and pressure inside her was too much, she couldn’t bear it any longer. Overwhelmed she fell to her knees as guttural grunts began to emanate from her as she desperately clutched at her abdomen, her eyes wild and pained.

“I cant!” she yelled, the confession echoing off the wall for all to hear.

In a flash her hand went through her dress and pulled the tormenting device from herself as her dress started to darken instantly.

Groaning even louder in relief it reverberated for almost 10 seconds as her bladder let loose a torrent of royal waters into her clothing. Dark streaks appearing on her silver dress as the fabric became saturated, steam rising from her wet legs as pee snaked its way down her slender calves and began to pool around her expensive shoes.

Unable to close off the flow Valorie continued, her stream flowing out of the end of the tube but luckily it seemed no one was watching her as the queen continued to groan in the middle of the room.

Slumping back the queen ended up sat in her own puddle, her already sodden dress shining as streams and ripples of her continuing pee ran over the silk material as it clung to her wet legs.

“I…I…just couldn’t” She whispered into the still silent room which was witnessing queens accident. The only sounds those of the hiss of her pee shooting through her undergarments and a gentle trickling noise as if a babbling brook had formed in the middle of the room.

“No you couldn’t” The queens mother said, looking down on her daughter as the puddle of her own making spread out all around her, as it had many of the other chamber maids she had failed to prepare for this evening.

“You have my apologise ladies and gentlemen, but the feast is concluded. If you would like to retire to your rooms, the servants will show you to your rooms.” The queens mother announced to the dumbstruck crowd gazing upon the sullen queen wetting herself like a small child.

But quickly the servants began to move the crowd out, only those stood around the top table remaining.

“Keira, it was… interesting to see you again” Geoffrey said, standing above her on the step and out of her still expanding puddle.

“Geoffrey” she said, looking pleadingly up at the tall man.

“Now, come along sister. I think we should find you some relief” he said, sis arm linking with a tall black haired beauty whose own bladder could easily be seen bulging out of her tight dress.

“Sis…Sister” The queen said, the realisation too much for her water logged brain to comprehend.

“Well, Morgana’s my half half sister. I take it you didn’t ask for her name?” He continued.

“I…but…”the queen started

“Goodnight your majesty” He said, stepping over the mess she was still making on the floor. Bowing deeply to the queen’s mother as he gently kissed her hand. “Always a pleasure”

“Valorie, would you be so kind as to show me the courtyard you and the others used earlier, I think I would like to use it now.” Morgana said, a sense of urgency in her voice but her poise as lady like as ever.

“Of course, right this way.” Valorie said, not quite sure if given the revelation of her family if she was supposed to now call Morgana a Lady

“Si…Sister” Keira said again, her head dropping as she finally finished peeing.

The end!

###

I really hope you enjoyed this story.

It was good fun to write and a big thank you to FoxLover for trusting me with his story / setting.

I’d love to know people’s thoughts, good or bad!

Thanks for reading,

*016*2020-08-30 05:29

{{On 8/28/2020 at 7:35 PM, Melificentfan said:

Damn I really did enjoy that story it was a very enjoyable read

}}

Thank you!

{{On 8/29/2020 at 1:07 AM, warham1995 said:

There should be an epilogue about what happened after the feast was canceled and morgana finally getting her relief. also i think that it was funny that the queen got her just desserts.

}}

Thanks for reading and you never know what might happen with this setting in the future.

{{15 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

That was another amazing story, thank you very much!

I loved the last chapter, I am always glad if an abusive woman like the queen or an arrogant one like Laura is punished and has to accept defeat at some point.

And I am so glad Morgana managed not to disgrace herself

}}

Thanks for the kind words, glad you enjoyed to story arc.

{{3 hours ago, Manticore said:

Great conclusion! I enjoyed all the characters getting what they deserved, good or bad. You've done a great job capturing the setting and desperation of the original RP and I would love to see more if you write it

}}

Thank you, that means a lot. I did my best to get it as close to the source material as possible but its always difficult to match something faithfully.
