Getting Home from College

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2024-10-29 19:54

Kate rushed down the familiar path from her college campus, her mind racing faster than her feet. The afternoon sun bathed the street in a golden hue, but all she could focus on was the growing urgency in her bladder. She had been holding it for what felt like an eternity, and now, dressed in her favorite faded jeans and a soft purple t-shirt, she felt the pressure building with each hurried step.

As she approached the front door of her family home, panic set in. The thought of relief was tantalizing, but she had to get inside first. She fumbled with the keys, her heart pounding in rhythm with her desperate need. Finally, the door clicked open, and she dashed inside, calling out, “Jess! I’m home!”

“Hey, Kate!” her sister’s voice echoed from somewhere in the house, but all Kate could think about was the bathroom. She sprinted down the hallway, her mind racing with thoughts of relief. Just as she reached the bathroom door, she heard a lock click.

“Seriously? Jess!” she yelled, pounding on the door with urgency. “I need to use the bathroom! Now!”

“Just a minute!” Jess called back, her tone nonchalant. “I’m almost done!”

“Almost done? I’m about to burst!” Kate felt a wave of frustration and desperation. She shifted from foot to foot, her jeans feeling tighter than ever as she tried to suppress the overwhelming urge.

“Can’t you hold it?” Jess shouted through the door, oblivious to her sister’s plight.

“I can’t hold it, Jess! I’ll explode!” Kate replied, her voice rising in pitch. The bathroom door remained stubbornly closed, the sound of Jess’s hairdryer blaring from within. The impatience bubbling inside Kate began to boil over.

“Why does this always happen?” she muttered under her breath, glancing around the small hallway as if the walls might somehow provide a solution. There was nowhere else to go; the guest bathroom was locked and unused, and the kitchen was a poor alternative.

“Just give me two more minutes!” Jess yelled again, clearly unbothered by Kate’s plight.

“Two minutes? I can’t last that long! Come on!” Kate’s voice was nearly a whine now, and she felt the walls closing in on her. She paced in front of the door, anxiety churning in her stomach.

“Do you have to yell? It’s not like I can speed up!” Jess shot back, her tone sharp and irritated.

“I’m not yelling! I’m begging! Please!” Kate pressed her palms against the cool surface of the door, trying to will it open with sheer force of will. “I’m going to regret this… I’m really going to—”

“Alright, alright! I’m coming out!” Jess finally relented, and Kate felt a wave of relief wash over her, though it was tinged with irritation. The sound of the hairdryer turned off, and a moment later, the lock clicked.

As the door creaked open, Jess stood there, slightly disheveled but looking amused. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”

“I was about to become one if you didn’t hurry up!” Kate shot back, rushing past her sister and into the sanctuary of the bathroom.

“Maybe next time you’ll learn to plan ahead,” Jess called, smirking as she leaned against the door frame.

Kate couldn’t respond; she was already too busy rushing to the toilet only in shock to find it clogged with loads of toilet paper, that looked like it would take hours to unclogs.

“thought you might like a game girlie!” Jess laughed and walked away.

Kates eyes teared up as she fell down to her ass and legs crossed, one knee underneath pushing against her womanhood for dear life holding in the epic amount of urine winning in its fight to get out.

Her toes curled as she cried out, “just my luck!”

The end

*002*2024-11-01 01:42

{{On 10/30/2024 at 9:43 AM, Roronoa Zoro said:

I mean, she's in the bathroom, so there's the tub.As an alternative or the sink

}}

Nope. She’s going to hold it in. Great discomfort and anxiety as she reaches closer and closer to the breaking point as her bladder begins to slip

