12 months of desperate workers

Author: Mbgpeelover

*011*2019-05-11 22:49

April: the tour guide

Amy was skint. Typical student skint with debts mounting that she’d need to earn mega money to pay off. Right now though she just wanted drinks with her friends, some new clothes, her phone to actually have money in it for a change and the ability to buy Kellogg’s cornflakes instead of Lidl’s own brand. But things were looking a bit brighter as she opened an email from the university computers and read that she had been successful in her recent job application. Studying history and a big fan of the city she had lived in all her life had clearly come in handy and she was excited to start as a seasonal tour guide on the cities double decker tour buses.

Amy had handed over all her necessary paperwork and bank details and received her ID badges and spent the previous day shadowing a more experienced colleague for four hours as they completed the bus route twice over with a short break in between. She was taught so many trade secrets like where they kept books about the city hidden under a seat in case you had a mental block, where the first aid kit was (thankfully Amy already held a current first aid certificate having volunteered in the past with St Andrews ambulance) and best of all where the entire speech could be found should you forget everything you needed to say. There was even a mobile phone with internet should any customer ask one of those awkward questions. Amy was prepared and confident and excited to start.

The first coach left at 9am and, as expected, was less than half full, mostly of obvious tourists from Japan and Australia who were foolishly dressed in shorts and cotton t-shirts despite the cooler British weather. The driver had been doing the tours for years and knew the route well. He had assured Amy he would keep her right should she need any help. Amy started her voice over eagerly pointing out places of interest from rivers, statues, Roman remains, Victoria buildings, and years places were build like hospitals and churches.

She wasn’t sure how many were truly paying attention but she took it in her stride regardless. As they approached the first stop in a park in the city she confidently took the tea trolley down the aisle offering those downstairs teas and coffees and a complimentary small cake. Amy laughed to herself at the notion of anything being ‘complementary’ when people paid a chunk of money to come on the tour in the first place. She then went up the windy bus stairs and used the trolley upstairs to serve the tourists there too.

Her voice was dry and as instructed by her colleague yesterday at training she poured herself a cuppa and asked the driver if he wanted one while the tourists took photos and stretched their legs in the park. Mick, today’s driver, was chatty and keen and took a cuppa willingly. He introduced himself and commented that he hadn’t worked with young Amy before.

‘It’s my first day. Well second really. First alone though.’

‘Well, so far so good. You’ve got the right bubbly personality anyway and a great voice. I’d never have guessed you were a newbie.’

Amy took that as a compliment as she finished her tea and checked the time.

‘Should I get them back inside do you think?’

‘Yeah that’s ideal. I’m due to leave in seven minutes. Gives you time to count that you have them all eh!’

Amy smiled and headed out to round up her passengers. It was easier than she expected even though it was obvious that many spoke little English. After a quick count and rounding up the rubbish they set off again and the tour continued.

Before Amy knew it her first tour was over and she was back in the city centre.

‘Bye and thank you for travelling with official city tours today. We look forward to your return soon.’

Amy checked the bus, giving it a tidy up and clean as she went and refilling the kettle from the urn on board. The engine was off so the electricity was too but she plugged in the kettle ready for her next tour. She hadn’t heard Mick get off so she headed downstairs to check.

‘Do you just stay on for the next tour then Mick?’

‘Yip that I do. I find fighting through the crowds with this uniform on is useless. Too many questions about times, tickets, and what not. I just grab a drink and whatever in here and then I’m all ready to go. I head in for lunch but not between runs like. Not worth it I say. Unless you want to buy something or you need a pee but I can tell you with the amount of drivers and tour guides now you’d be lucky to use a bathroom and get back on time these days. If you ask me there’s far too many of us tour buses now. Never used to be like that you know. Been driving these things nearly 15 years young lass.’

Amy loved how friendly and outgoing Mick was. She felt reassured by his experience. She made another cup of tea then put her disposable cup in the bin and opened the doors for her second tour. This one was much busier with families, tourists and new students. There was a buzz about the bus now which Amy really enjoyed.

As before she continued her voice over and pointing out places of interest. Again they arrived at the park as before and again she took the tea trolley around both on the rear deck and the top deck. It was during this activity that a mum interrupted Amy and asked if she knew if the park had any facilities as her young son needed the toilet. Amy wasn’t sure so she asked Mick who shook his head and said how it always used to but cutbacks had meant the council had closed them a few years ago. The mum looked worried but Mick climbed out and took them to a secluded area where the young boy could discreetly relieve himself. Thinking about the boy made Amy realise she could actually use a visit to the ladies herself. She sat at the front of the bus opposite the driver drinking her third cup of tea that morning and decided when they returned to the city centre she would definitely find the ladies before the next tour.

Mick returned and Amy smiled at him and asked how he had known about the private area for the boy. ‘I take it it’s not uncommon for people to ask even on an hours tour then? I mean I hadn’t even thought about it to tell you the truth. It’s not that long an hour is it?’

‘That depends how bad you have to go lass. I’ll let you into a secret. I found that bit by myself once when I had tried going at the office but so many others were going too and there was no time before I had to leave again. I was bursting so when we stopped here I had to rush off and find somewhere before an accident happened. I can tell you if you see a driver leaving his bus here I bet that’ll be why. The office only has a couple of unisex loos and, as I said, there too many of us buses on the road now.’

Mick stopped chatting as he opened the bus doors and families boarded again. Amy went out to ensure everyone was back before signalling to Mick to drive off. All this talk of loos was making her a lot more aware of her bladder. Still it was only half an hour before they would be back. Amy crossed her legs as she continued to do her voice over and when she needed to stand she moved slightly from foot to foot. Working helped distract her.

By the time they were approaching the city again Amy’s need had increased. She had last went when she woke at 7am and it was now almost 11:15 and she’d had breakfast and three disposable cups of tea since then. Her knee was bouncing as she finished her talk and they pulled into the bus stop in the centre of town.

As Mick opened the door Amy did her final speech:

‘Bye and thank you for travelling with official city tours today. We look forward to your return soon.’

The final passenger left as Amy tried to remain composed and professional. Mick didn’t appear to be leaving the bus but Amy knew she really needed to.

After the final passenger had left Mick closed the door to avoid anyone boarding. Amy rushed down both aisles of the bus picking up any litter and generally tidying though her legs kept moving and her mind was very much focussed on getting to the toilet. She headed down the spiral stairs and up to the front where Mick was eating a sandwich and had a can of juice open.

‘Hey Mick I’m just going to nip into the office quick before the next run. I’ll be right back’

With his mouth full Mick opened the door reminding Amy they left again in ten minutes. She had to welcome everyone on board before that.

Amy pushed through the crowd ignoring the questions being thrown at her with a quick but polite dismissal:

‘I’ll be back in a few minutes to answer your questions. Thanks for booking with official city tours.’

Inside the office Amy did a quick scan for the bathrooms but just as Mick had indicated there only seemed to be two unisex toilets and there was a queue for both. Amy but her lip and headed to the one on her right. She didn’t have time for a queue really but she was bursting and the thought of another hours tour without relief was a disaster. She waited as patiently as she could with her legs crossed and her foot tapping. She couldn’t help but sigh at how slowly the queue was moving. Five minutes past and Amy was panicking. There were still two others in front of her but she really had to get back to her tour. She sighed but abandoned her wait and returned to her bus still as full and now annoyed and stressed too.

Mick had opened the doors already and the bus was looking incredibly full, just like her bladder. Amy was stressed and annoyed but tried not to show it. She resumed her position at the front and started her welcome speech. Mick smiled at her but Amy just bit down on her lip. Standing was so difficult and Amy found herself moving much more than was safe so when the bus suddenly moved from a red traffic light she fell slightly over. She brushed herself down but the slip had caused a tiny leak in her knickers and she could feel the warm dampness taunting her as she faught to remain in control. She opted to sit down to continue with her talk but with a microphone attached to her head piece she couldn’t sigh or moan at all like she wanted to. With the back of the seat hiding her from passengers she fidgeted as much as she needed to to prevent herself peeing herself.

She’d never been so glad to arrive at the park and she stressed, rather too enthusiastically, to everyone on board that now was the chance for EVERYONE to get off and stretch their legs and take photographs and that there would be teas and coffees available on their re-embarkment. As the last of the passengers got off Mick laughed.

‘You sounded keen to get that lot off miss. You ok?’

Amy couldn’t stand still now. In fact as discreetly as she could she was trying to hide the fact she was holding herself and almost crying.

‘Mick, it’s embarrassing but I’m desperate for the toilet just like that kid was on the last tour. You couldn’t show my your secret spot could you. I honestly don’t think I could hold until we get back to the city and besides I tried to go when we were just there and the queue was too long. There’s no way I can do that tea trolley like this.’

‘Course newbie. I’ve been in your state a fair few times now so I carry a bottle but you...well it’s not that easy is it. You’ll need to go quick mind we have a schedule to keep to.’

Mick winked at Amy in jest as he opened the doors and he headed off the bus with Amy desperately trailing behind him. With the passengers distracted looked around and reading signs and taking photos Mick ran and Amy followed around a little fence and behind an advertising board.

‘Go as far in as you can and I’ll keep guard.’

Amy could not get past Mick fast enough as adrenaline pumped through her and urine leaked out of her as she felt her knickers dampen.

She hitched her navy work skirt up as far as she could and pulled her nylon tights and knickers down as she bent down in a sitting position and tried to relax. She could hear so many voices and the thought of peeing out in the open seemed so...almost sexual...but eventually her body could hold no more and the damn finally burst..furiously and fast...and rather loudly too. Amy couldn’t believe how much she was releasing and apparently neither could Mick.

Once finished Amy tidied herself up and brushed her skirt down and headed back to the bus with Mick behind her.

All she could hear was his heart beating and his voice muttering ‘Dead God I can’t believe you held all that. Wow.’

Back on the bus Amy took the tea trolley down both aisles with relative ease and continued her tour as if she was a natural.

Back at the city centre, now with both Mick and Amy on a much needed lunch break Mick still seemed taken by what he had heard.

‘Geez kid I’ve never heard anyone go that much in my life. I’m gonna have to go some to beat that.’

Amy wasn’t sure what he meant but it seemed innocent enough and she was still on a high from her experience anyway so she wasn’t even that bothered if truth be known.

*013*2019-05-13 21:39

May: the defence lawyer

Ian was glad it was Tuesday. Monday’s were overload day with new cases piling in by the dozen after drunken weekends and police referrals from drug addicts and people arrested for all sorts of offences. Wednesdays were his office days where he never knew what might happen but Tuesdays were his court days where he could do his stuff and put all his years of studying to good use.

Ian lived for grey areas. He could find loopholes in laws quickly and he had a reputation for getting the even most guilty client off lightly. ‘Mitigating circumstances’ had become his middle name. He believed behaviour was communication and that people needed help not punishment. He also liked to make money and more of it.

Ian knew the court like that back of his hand. He also knew many of the girls who arranged the court times like the back of his hand too. He knew parts of their body that others never saw and he used that to his advantage flirting and winking to make sure his court times always landed on Tuesdays and Thursdays. So far it seemed to work at a small cost of a little peck on the cheek or cheap chocolates now and again. No hardship as the girls were stunning, well two of them at least. Mabel was more rounded and plain but what she lacked in looks she made up it in efficiency. Ian knew how to work everyone and everything. People were a way to make money and not much more. Most just called him a charmer.

Ian arrived early with his Costa coffee in hand and sat in his Audi watching commuters coming and going from the bus and train depot across the road while the odd person walked their dog and curtains began opening in nearby windows. It was only 8am but Ian had planned this to get time to run through his notes again and dictate a few things into his phone in peace. He wasn’t hungry so coffee was fine and by 8:30 his cup was empty and he noticed Vince arrive to open the busy city court. He waved at Ian and Ian used that as a signal to stop his reading and pack away his notes. It was time for work and his adrenaline was already pumping.

Inside Ian headed upstairs to the barristers and professionals area. Nicknamed the lawyer’s laird’ Ian switched on the coffee machine and the router and his laptop and sat down in the comfortable lounge to log into the court system and see what order the cases were and who was against who professionally. More importantly he checked virtually into his office to pick up any last minute information. It wasn’t at all surprising to Ian to have a lot of additional new information that his opponent tried to raise at the last minute to throw his case. Today was no exception. As the emails arrived and he sipped his second coffee of the day more and more people started to arrive. Huddled voices, boiling kettle and rustling papers could just be heard over ringing phones, clicks of computer keys and loud hi’s. Ian zoned in and then quickly closed his computer as his phone rang to say his first client was downstairs.

As he passed the gents he thought about going in and even paused. He needed to go but not desperately yet and this morning’s client was very volatile. He’d been impressed he even turned up if truth be told. He wanted him to remain on the premises and stay sober so he rushed downstairs to the general waiting room and was pleased to see the young lad had at least tried to look smart and even brought his harassed mum with him. He signaled to the lad to come into the corridor and asked how he was. He hoped he would be fine to wait so he could head back to the loos before they were due in court in 15 minutes. One minute with his client proved this would never happen as he tried to keep the lad stable and strong.

Ten minutes later and Ian still hadn’t felt sure enough to be able to leave his client despite his mum being there. If anything the lad’s mum seemed to be making him more volatile not less! He was threatening to walk out, drink or even take drugs so Ian felt compelled to sit with him despite protests from his bladder. When the lad complained he was thirsty and said he was heading to the shop for ‘water’ Ian guided him instead to a vending machine and to keep the client at ease he bought him a bottle of water and one for himself too. Wearing a full suit in a warm court was sweltering. Both men drank around half their bottles before a buzz from the court room indicated it was their turn to be called.

Ian was rarely nervous but the combination of a young, drug addicted, alcohol dependent client who clearly had committed the crime and the fact he really needed the toilet were not making him confident. He sat with his legs tightly crossed trying to keep the boy from doing a runner. If only his mother could watch him even for a few minutes but how unprofessional it would be for them to be called through with no defence lawyer because he had ran to the bathrooms and missed his crucial time to be in court. There was no way Ian could risk his career no matter how much he had to pee. He clenched tight and tried to focus on the case at hand.

The call came and Ian took his young client’s hand and pulled him through to the intimidating and formal court. He had briefed his client on all the necessary protocol and thankfully the lad did exactly as taught, probably, Ian thought, through fear. Courts were very scary places even for trained lawyers.

The judge outlined the charges against his client and his client acknowledged the charges without agreeing or admitting guilt. Ian breathed a sigh of relief but he certainly couldn’t relax as the case hadn’t even started, and besides if he relaxed too much he was sure he would pee himself.

None of the witness statements shocked Ian in any way as he had read and reread them so many times. He had his questions ready but he was struggling to stay composed as he sat crossed legged with his knee bouncing. Everything seemed to be dragging in and he could not wait for this case to be over. He could not wait to get to a urinal. The judge wasn’t helping as he questioned the witnesses on some minor discrepancies. They were clearly nervous, as was Ian, as his bladder sent message after message begging him to find a bathroom. Finally it was Ian’s chance to stand and quiz the poor witnesses. Standing meant gravity working against him as all the coffee and water dropped inside his bladder and pushed against his sphincter for release. Ian tapped his foot subconsciously trying to keep his penis moving so it stopped it releasing. He was struggling to focus but thankfully his notes kept him from floundering too much.

He asked the first witness a question, deliberately worded to try and confuse. They simply repeated what they had said before. Ian tried again but still the witness stayed strong.

The prosecuting lawyer then had his say as he pleaded the case of his client outlining all of the physical, financial and emotional pain that Ian knew his client had committed. He wasn’t going to let his client plead guilty without outlining everything Ian had prepared though. He just wished the prosecutor would hurry up his speech as he was bursting for a piss now and struggling not to show it. Hidden slightly from the other party Ian couldn’t help but rub himself to try and halt the constant demands from his bladder for release. Everything within him was tense, when to make matters worse his client started crying and began blurting out ‘I did it. I did. I’m sorry.’

Ian knew this was his chance to get in quickly while the iron was hot. He’d actually wanted and planned all this to happen so he could outline how remorseful and sorrowful his client really was and how his awful neglect as a child had caused him to fall on hard times and in with the wrong crowd. How his client had a diagnosis of mental health problems that would be exasperated in prison and how a closely monitored community order would allow his client the time and space to get his life back together and get treatment for his mental health, which in the long term would actually make him less of a risk to society. The entire time Ian was outlining this he was struggling to stand still. He hated the fact his body was making him look so unprofessional but he knew if he stood perfectly still his bladder would win against him.

Without a jury it all rested in the judges decision and as the judge outlined and summed up the case Ian sat squirming in his seat as his client squirmed in an entirely different way. Ian absolutely longed to get to the gents, his balls ached with urgency yet he could absolutely not leave court until the judge released them. He had plenty to say and Ian struggled to work out which way the case was heading. All he could think about was the fact he could feel his expensive boxers getting damper. He’d never wanted a court case to end so badly in his life.

Finally the judge made his ruling and Ian held the end of his penis in anticipation. Would his client be released or would he be left to sort out a mess? His body was as tense as the case. Against all odds the judge ruled that while he accepted the remorse and guilt of Ian’s client he had to pass a sentence that reflected the gravity of the case in hand, yet he absolutely acknowledged that prison may in fact cause more harm than good especially if a shorter sentence was passed which would not allow the criminal time to receive the necessary treatment to prevent him reoffending. Ian was willing it to draw to a close as he pinched himself even tighter as a spurt leaked out. This was critical, both for him and his client.

‘I hereby sentence you to one year community sentence with the condition that you attend a centre for addiction, carry out 50 hours a week free services in your community each week and you are placed under a tag where you must not leave the house after 9pm for the next six months. Do you agree to abide by these conditions?’

Ian breathed a sigh of relief though he couldn’t relax for fear his bladder would burst. He nodded to his shocked client to agree and the hammer was dropped to signal court could be released.

Ian shook his clients hand but then stood awkwardly as the client’s mum came up tearfully to shake his hand too. Ian desperately needed out of court and to a toilet more urgently than he could ever remember. Right now his client had done well but he couldn’t stay to congratulate him or explain what would happen and he was never so thankfully for court staff who came to escort his client away to complete necessary forms.

He made polite excuses to his clients and pushed through the court as quickly as he could, not caring who he bumped into. With his bag in tow he raced up the old Victorian staircase and along the corridor towards the ‘lawyer’s laird’ and pushed his back against the door of the gents. Ian had never in his life been so delighted to see a free urinal as he dropped his bag, unzipped his suit trousers and pulled his pulsating member from his wet underwear. His penis head hardly saw the light of day before it exploded with warm foaming piss that shot out of Ian at speed. He stood with one arm resting on the tiled wall and his head held back as he sighed the biggest sigh of his life.

‘Fuck that was a close one mate!’

*018*2019-05-24 00:17

June: the optician

Marie was contented with her life so far. Married to a kind and hard working man and with a beautifulhealthy3 year old she felt so lucky. With both her and her husband working it wouldn’t be much longer before they could finally move to a better area before their daughter started school. Marie hated being away from her baby but the desire to give her everything she needed in life spurred her on. Besides she’d spent too many years studying to give up her career now. Working motherhood was definitely the way forward for her and she was grateful for family who supported her to do so.

Wednesday morning was nothing special as she woke at 6:45 and checked in on her daughter before having a quick shower and getting dressed. With Chelsea still sleeping she made herself a mug of tea whilst packing lunch for everyone then she slipped upstairs to wake her daughter while listening to her husband shaving next door. She helped her daughter wash and dress before brushing her hair and heading downstairs with her where her wonderful husband had already made juice and cereal for Chelsea and heated some porridge and made some tea for Marie. Not for the first time did Marie think how lucky she really was. A quick kiss from Dan and he left for his job nearby as a religious education teacher.

Marie loved her tea and drank it all though she wasn’t overly hungry so only had around half of her porridge before hearing the familiar voice of her mum and dad as they came to look after Chelsea to allow Marie to work. She kissed her daughter goodbye loving hearing her laughing as her granddad tickled her from behind. Work for Marie was only in the next town but she preferred to take the car as public transport wasn’t terribly reliable and it was a little too far to walk, especially on a damp morning like today. Twenty minutes later she was parking outside the opticians where she worked and hanging her coat up in the staff area ready to begin her working day.

Marie was popular and well loved by staff and the public alike. As a mum she was natural with children and had an equally gentle way with older people too. She was professional but welcoming and always smiling. Her warm bubbly nature meant many patients even requested her for their appointments and follow ups. Marie checked the computer to see that right from the start the day was looking busy but she recognised a few names and was eager to start. She thought she should have a quick loo break before starting as each eye test could last a while but as she made her way towards the one toilet for staff and customers alike she heard her name being called and turned around. The receptionist needed to ask her something so Marie walked back to the desk as the receptionist handed her the phone.

Before the call was even over Marie recognised Mr Barnes who had come for his 9am eye test. Forgetting all about her plans for a loo break she picked up Mr Barnes paperwork and lead him into her room. Mr Barnes was in his sixties and having recently had minor surgery for a cataract he was currently coming every three months for eye checks. He was chatty and nosy and always enquired about Marie and her life and Marie was always delighted to share any recent news of her daughter.

As Marie carried out all the necessary checks laughing and joking with her regular client she started to remember that she needed to use the bathroom but nothing that couldn’t wait, especially as it was extremely unprofessional to leave during an eye assessment. She tried ignoring it as she noted all the details from the examination and advised Mr Barnes when he should next come and see her. As she led the gentleman from her room into the general area she decided that as soon as he left she would head to the toilet before she found herself stuck for another hour with a patient.

However things never worked out as Marie planned as once again the receptionist called her over saying that a local GP was on the phone asking to speak to her. With recent changes to the NHS guidance now meaning patients with any eye issues at all should be seen by an optician rather than a doctor it was common place for the opticians to receive regular calls from doctors. Marie had completed her practitioner training and was able to prescribe for minor ailments so she advised the GP to send the patient over and she would see her in an hours time. Finally putting the phone down Marie acknowledged her next patient but excused herself briefly to head to the rear of the shop to the toilet. Frustratingly she found it engaged so with no other bathroom in the shop Marie headed back for her next client, acutely aware it would be around an hour before she would be able to get a chance to pee again.

Professional and stoic Marie checked her list and called her next client, a young man in his early twenties who she had no recollection of seeing before. Gregory Baker seemed nervous and distracted as he followed Marie into her room. Marie asked all the basic questions sitting with her legs crossed completing the form with Gregory’s answers. She was right in that he hadn’t been to this opticians before but neither had he had an eye exam for some time and he was having some mild headaches and eye strain. He had also just moved to the area and he did a lot of close work as part of his job. Marie smiled as she once again thought about how much she enjoyed getting to know her clients and how much she enjoyed what she did. Just before she was about to start the examination her door knocked and the receptionist handed in a mug of tea for Marie apologising for interrupting her and quickly closing the door behind her. Marie apologised to Gregory, who smiled and seemed to relax much more.

Marie explained what would be happening next as she slid her chair across the room to the client and pressed a remote to turn the lights down. Grateful for some privacy with low lighting Marie bounced her knee and crossed her legs the opposite way feeling restricted by her suit dress and tights. She was forced to uncross her legs however in order to comfortably get close enough to shine her torch into Gregory’s eyes. It took a couple of minutes for her to successfully look close enough as she found herself fidgeting more than she wanted to. Turning the lights up a bit again Marie recorded her findings on her sheet and allowed time for Gregory’s eyes to readjust. Unexpected Gregory made a comment about her tea which threw Marie off her concentration for a second.

‘I wish my secretary would bring me tea like that. Impressed me that has.’

‘Oh. Yeah. Our Andrea is amazing. Every office needs an Andrea. I’m not parting with her though I’m afraid.’

Marie laughed but then immediately regretted it as she suddenly really wanted to leave and use the toilet. She sat upright and clenched her muscles but now that Gregory has made mention of her tea she felt socially obliged to drink some. She picked up the mug nervously but the smell and warmth seemed so tempting and she drank a few sips happily. She laid the mug on a nearby table and slid her chair back towards Gregory who incidentally smelt every bit as appealing as the tea. As Marie stood to fix the testing glasses to Gregory’s face she found herself shifting from foot to foot subconsciously as her bladder bounced around inside her. For the first time she could remember she was unsure if she could complete a full test without having to excuse herself. At least the lights would be off again in a second and Gregory would be focused on the board instead of her.

After explaining what would happen again to her client Marie turned the lights completely off and switched the back wall testing area on as she tried to find a comfortable position in her chair. She shifted about and rested one hand between her legs on her dress as she inserted the first two lenses into the test frame and asked her client if the green or red was brighter. Then she inserted another lens and asked again. Marie was finding it hard to remain composed as by now she had been working an hour an a half and it had been almost four hours since her last pee.

Finally she finished the colour test and as Gregory relaxed a bit more he commented not to let her tea get cold on account of him. Once again Marie felt she had to drink more despite a very steady need to pee already. She drank some more loving the fact her tea was now at exactly the right temperature and it tasted amazing. So amazing in fact that despite her full bladder she couldn’t resist picking the mug up again to finish it off.

With the lights still off and her clients eyes firmly fixed ahead Marie climbed off her seat and inserted different lenses into the test glasses and asked her client to read as far down the letter chart as he could. Sarah was recording her findings slightly bent forward with a leg waving behind her, grateful no-one could see her less than subtle pee dance. She changed lenses and asked her client to read again as once again Marie leaned forward into the table and kicked her legs behind her, her need to pee constantly increasing. With all her movement and dancing she accidentally dropped her pen and had to kneel down to pick it up.

‘You ok there? You sound harassed?’

‘Yeah sorry just dropped my pen. You are doing great. Let’s move on to the next bit. Just a minute while I change your lenses.’

Marie flustered about with lenses before a sudden spasm hit and she found herself having to place both hands on the table and march on the spot to prevent herself leaking. She was bursting for the toilet and she was in the middle of an eye examination. How unprofessional and difficult. She thought about excusing herself but she was biting her lip so much she couldn’t speak let alone excuse herself. She just hoped the urgency would ease in a minute. Thankfully it did though her vagina tingled continuously for relief. She had to breathe and think what it was she was even trying to do as all her mind could think about was getting to pee.

‘Gregory could you tell me do you see a small black dot? Is it above the green line or below it?’

She recorded the answer and changed the lenses again. This time she sat on the seat pushing her bottom as far back as she could and tightening every muscle she had to try and stay in control. Her need to pee was a huge distraction and all consuming but if she could just get the test over with she could run and release. She just had to get this done.

‘And again. Is the dot now above the line or below’

‘Below’

‘Thanks. And now with these lenses? Above or below?’

‘Above now’

Suddenly another spasm hit Marie and she held her breath and moaned as she once again had to stand and hold the table tightly and tighten every muscle she had. Despite her best efforts she felt a few drops escape and she could feel the warmth and wetness on her vaginal lips which served only to increase her need for urgent release.

In a dark room with only two people in it was impossible for Gregory not to hear and Marie wasn’t overly shocked when he asked if she was ok. Marie so wanted to admit her need but this was a new client, a new man to the neighbourhood even, and it looked like he would be needing glasses so she could hardly be so undignified and unprofessional to admit she was absolutely desperate for a pee during his first eye examination at the opticians.

‘Sorry I am just a bit flustered today. Too much on my mind. Good news is we are almost finished and you’ll be able to get on your way. I just have one more test to do which I need the light on for.’

Marie took one hand off the table and crossed her legs tightly as she removed the test glasses from her client. Before turning the lights on she pushed her hand as best she could against her crotch, though her smart fitted dress prevented it having much effect. Oh she had to go so badly it was all she could do to remain in the room! She just had one more part to go. She clenched her muscles as hard as possible and pressed to turn the lights back on, all the time remaining behind the clients seat to prevent him seeing her dancing about it desperation.

Marie handed Gregory a sheet with a paragraph written six times in font in steadily decreasing sizes and asked Gregory to read what he could and point to where he could no longer comfortably see the writing clearly. Marie’s urethra and heart were pounding so hard and fast she was convinced Gregory could hear their every beat. Despite trying so valiantly she just could not stand still as her body fought so urgently to be able to release her full bladder.

Gregory read fluently as Marie moaned quietly behind him. Finally Gregory paused but Marie was so intent on holding her bladder it took her a moment to notice. Gregory was staring right at her as he pointed to the point at which the letters in the page were no longer clear.

Marie was stuck deeply in her own world as her mind could simply not even think about anything else other than holding back her overfull bladder. Her shoes clicked franticly on the floor as she rested both hands on the table, leaned forward and danced in urgent desire to pee. Gregory looked on in absolute amazement knowing exactly what was happening before his eyes but unsure wether to comment or not. Since Marie still hadn’t commented either on the fact he had stopped reading nor on the fact the lights were up and he was clearly watching her every move he decided to say something quietly.

‘Are you ok there?’

Suddenly Marie realised where she was and she quietly and quickly apologised.

‘Sorry. Really sorry. I lost concentration for a moment. My mind was somewhere else. So where did you get to on the sheet?’

Marie hurried to the chair in front of Gregory who seemed to be very distracted and sweaty himself now. She fidgeted on the chair as Gregory handed her the sheet showing her where the words became blurry.

Marie could not sit still as she struggled to finish the test.

‘So the results show Gregory. The results show that. Sorry where was I? Yes your results show...ohhhh....mmmmm....ahhhhh....your results show that you would benefit from wearing glasses both for reading and distance. That leaves you with a choice...sorry I’m emmmm’

‘Are you sure you are...ok?’

‘Yes yes. I’m fine. Well actually I could do with a break. I emmmm...oh God I’m absolutely dying for the loo sorry. But yes you need glasses for both reading and distance and emmm....oh listen I need to just write your prescription then if you don’t mind I really must...oh ahhhh....I really must run to the bathroom. You do understand about the glasses don’t you. Just a minute and I’ll write this for you. I’m ever so sorry. This is really unprofessional but...oh goodness I’m absolutely bursting here. One minute and I’ll just do this...oh sorry I must look a sight it’s just....oh this is so embarrassing!

Marie held herself and wriggled in her seat so badly her seat was moving as the wheels responding to her fast and furious movements. She tried climbing out and leaning forward on the table as before as she marched like crazy in the spot trying to write out Gregory’s prescription for glasses. Gregory sat transfixed on the other chair mesmerised by Marie’s every move.

Suddenly Marie stopped marching and grabbed herself as she moaned and whispered so quietly only herself and Gregory could hear.

‘It’s coming out. I’m peeing myself. Oh no’

Marie slipped her high heeled shoes off kicking them towards Gregory as she pulled the sides of her dress up slightly as warm urine hissed out of her glistening like gold on her nylon tights as a pool of urine gathered inside the bottom of both Marie’s feet inside her tights. Gregory watched as her face reddened and her eyes watered with soft tears as more and more pee filled her tights and dripped from her gusset.

With her head bowed Marie whispered

‘I’m sorry’

‘Don’t be. That was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. Let me help you get sorted. Please. I feel responsible as if I wasn’t here you would have been able to use the toilet. May I help?’

While Marie continued to hold her dress up Gregory took the top of her tights and slid them down her saturated legs and allowed Marie to use his back to balance as he carefully slid one foot and then the other out as warm pee puddled into the carpet beside them. Marie then let go of her dress, took the tights off of Gregory and binned them in the bin in the back corner of the room.

‘You ok?’

‘I am now. Oh boy I needed that.’

‘You clearly did.’

‘And that’s with you needing glasses too!’

‘Yes so you said. I guess I better get that prescription now.’

*023*2019-05-25 14:35

{{23 hours ago, Despguy123 said:

Absolutely love it! Amazing!

During my last eye test I was sure that the optician, an attractive young Eastern European lady, needed to use the loo. It was early afternoon and they were running behind on their appointments. I had to wait a while and when I was finally seen, my optician seemed really fidgety and flustered and mentioned to me how busy they had been all day. The optician rooms were right in the middle of a large supermarket so the toilets were not close by, and I guessed she’d not been able to run to the loo since the morning.

}}

Glad to hear n you are enjoying these as your own writing has brought men so much pleasure over the the years. These are all completely fictional but I like to hope they a realistic and very much believable. I’m loving writing them and you may enjoy knowing that I write them all whilst needing to go myself. They are not that short so the endings may reflect what the author is doing too at times.

Thanks for reading and taking the time to comment. It’s greatly appreciated.

*024*2019-05-26 00:37

July: general assistant in a bike hire shop

It was Monday morning in the island’s only bike hire shop and Lewis hadn’t stopped since the shop opened. It was the height of the summer season on the small Scottish island and the weather was unusually beautiful. Every tourist seemed to want to cycle round the flat terrain and enjoy everything the island had to offer. It was by far the most popular way to get around for all ages and bus loads of people would turn up to hire bikes of all shapes and sizes. Large groups booked ahead but many would just walk in and hope a suitable bike was available. The shop was stocked from front to back with so many bikes that Lewis and his colleague had stopped bringing customers in and instead took the bikes out to the customers instead.

Lewis loved Scotland and especially it’s islands. He considered himself very blessed to have been born and raised on one and his name reflected his parents favourite is,and if all. In fact until two years ago Lewis had never lived on the mainland at all. He’d only reluctantly moved there to attend university for his chosen study of marine biology but he longed every summer to return to an island so his summer job was just perfect. Lewis would stay with friends on the island or stay in a bed and breakfast throughout summer before returning to his university halls of residence for term time.

Lewis was popular and well liked though rather private and reserved having been raised a strict Catholic. Religion wasn’t Lewis’s ‘thing’ but he remained deeply respectful and innately kind to everyone, always with that feeling there might be some saint watching him. He was the last to ever say he needed a break or complain always preferring to be unassuming and diligent to the end.

Lewis has just finished serving a young family ensuring the young children were safely fitted to rear seats on the adults bikes and straps adjusted for safety. He had no sooner watched them cycle off when a minibus of high school age children pulled up noisily and excitedly. Lewis and his colleague Shona had each teenager self measure their inside leg then come in turn and give the size to them as they both headed into the shop to find the most suitable bike. Being outside Lewis was sweating and as the final teenager rode off happily Shona passed Lewis a bottle of chilled water from the staff fridge.

‘We’ll get a headache if we don’t keep drinking in this heat. It’s going to be another scorcher apparently.’

Lewis was a man of few words but he sure was grateful for the water.

‘Cheers Shona.’

Over an hour passed and neither of the staff had had a minute to stop as customers flocked in from every direction to enquire about bikes. It was looking like it would be a record breaking day for the shop but Lewis and Shona were handling it professionally and efficiently.

Lewis had long since finished his bottle of water but as the sun reached its midday peak he took a moment to open the fridge and help himself to another. He should be due a lunch break soon but with just two staff on it would be busy and as a gentleman he very much felt Shona should get to go first. There wasn’t a lull in customers at all but eventually Shona met with Lewis as they both headed for a bike in the same area in the shop and she mentioned she could really go a break.

‘Go after you serve that customer. I don’t want you fainting on me from hunger. I’ll be fine. People can just wait an extra few minutes. It won’t hurt them. Besides it’s hardly our fault there’s only two of us is it?’

‘Thanks Lewis. You know I appreciate it.’

Lewis drank water and worked as he gave out bikes so quickly he was starting to wonder if they would have to close up for a while until others were returned and safety checked. He was shocked to see it was already 1pm and he had already been working almost 5 hours. He was fit and healthy so missing one meal would hardly hurt him and besides he’d had a bacon roll at his mates before coming to work so he’d had plenty calories and carbohydrates to last him until dinner. He hadn’t even noticed if he was hungry one bit, though he was beginning to need a quick break for the gents. He figured he’d just see to that if opportunity arose when Shona returned.

As the influx of customers very slightly eased Lewis checked the returns yard to find over twenty bikes had already been logged in and returned so he checked each one for damage and did quick safety check so he could restock the main shop. Meanwhile each time he heard the bell signifying the door had been opened he would return to the shop and fetch an appropriate bike for the next customer.

It wasn’t until he was halfway through his third bottle of water that he realised he required a visit to the gents a lot more than he had earlier. Steady urges came from his bladder to his urethra though outwardly Lewis showed no signs whatsoever. He didn’t ever admit such an embarrassing thing like needing the bathroom to customers or colleagues and rarely ever even excused himself with family. He mastered holding on and saw no reason why he couldn’t do so today, at least until he had a chance to go, whenever that might be.

As Lewis made his way back through to the shop as once again the bell rang he was glad to see Shona had returned from lunch at last. Unfortunately he also noticed that a large crowd had entered the shop and there was no way Shona could possibly deal with them all herself. Selflessly he went over to help as he helped customer after customer find the right size bike and pay for their hire. It was getting harder and harder to find bikes to fit as stock become lower and Shona asked if Lewis would go and check the yard to see if any more had been returned from previous hires.

The island shop had quite an effective system in place where each bike had a bar code and customers could self scan the bike on their return and leave it safely in the back yard where staff would collect and check before returning it to the shop. The code matched each hirer’s debit or credit card details so if a bike wasn’t returned a deposit would automatically be taken from the person’s card. This system meant Lewis was pretty much alone in the yard except for any customers who might return their bikes.

Alone in the yard Lewis was getting frustrated and harassed. His bladder was preoccupying his mind as his penis tingled for release. He decided as soon as this batch of customers left he would quietly sneak to the bathroom or even take his break. He was overdue a break anyway and annoyed that the shop owner had knowingly put just two staff members on at a very busy peak period. Through gritted teeth he pushed another few bikes back to the shop having checked them over first. Shona was too busy to notice his annoyance and stressed demeanour as she briefly caught his attention only to ask if there were many more bikes still in the yard.

‘Yeah probably about 18-20 and more should be here soon. You’d think it would be getting quieter soon though.’

‘Hopefully. You couldn’t bring those ones in though Lewis could you? I’ll serve the rest here and then I’ll be able to find bikes quicker. Thanks.’

Lewis wasn’t about to create a fuss or argue but he really could do with that long over due break as he quickly gulped down the last of his third bottle of water before heading out into the hot yard. Out in the yard Lewis could feel his need intensifying quicker than he was comfortable with. Though he never showed any need to urinate in public in private he was moving around a lot and now and again instinctively queening himself through his work shorts. He longed to just whip out his penis and pee a long stream against a wall but as a customer could walk through the gate at any time he was far too embarrassed to even attempt it. But he had to go so badly as he straddled one bigger bike to test the brakes and steering before pushing it into the shop.

He couldn’t help it push his crotch firmly against the saddle of the bike as the pressure helped keep his bladder at bay. He pushed two bikes in, then another two but by the time he returned for the next two it was all he could do but jig about as his desire to pee grew stronger. Facing away from the gate he squeezed himself tightly inwardly cursing the fact he so desperately wanted to piss but couldn’t. Once again he thought about tugging his throbbing member out and making a huge puddle on the ground of the yard. Just the very thought made him bend forward and have to grab himself again. He just couldn’t possibly get every bike back into the shop without having an accident.

He decided he’d have to swallow his pride, take the two bikes in that he had just checked and then go straight to the gents before his body couldn’t take it anymore. He stood the bikes against the wall and gave himself another squeeze just as he heard the gate open and a bunch of tired but happy customers come in with their hire bikes. Lewis wasn’t going to be caught holding himself like a child so he grabbed the bikes quickly and pushed them in through the back door of the shop and into the right places according to their size.

He marched quickly over to the shop entrance where Shona was still serving customers and made a sharp turn towards the toilets. Just as he was metres from the door he heard a loud knock on the back door which startled him and he felt a few drops leak from his quivering penis. He thought about ignoring the knock and just rushing to the toilet but his sense of duty over rode and he headed back to the back door where he was met by the young family he had served as the shop opened.

‘Sorry we can’t get the scanner to work and we hoped you could help.’

Lewis was sweating, rewatching heavy and beyond frustrated. He just wanted a break now as it was after 2pm. He hadn’t had lunch but worst of all he was dying to piss and still hadn’t managed to go. He clenched his muscles tightly as he lifted the bikes up to scan the codes in. He couldn’t find the words to say anything as his entire concentration was on holding back the huge amount of urine in his bladder.

‘Oh that’s how you do it! Thanks for helping. We absolutely loved the bikes mate. Th kids have ad a great day. I’m sure we’ll be back soon. Thanks for everything.’

Lewis was frantic to urinate and getting angry at the young children who were now running around the yard like it was a playground while his whole body thrashed internally to be able to release a ton of wee.

‘Don’t touch those bikes! They are not toys!’

It was so out of character for Lewis to shout, especially at customers but he just needed into the shop and into the to toilet so badly and the damn kids were preventing him doing so. Lewis walked over to the gate and held it open hoping the family would leave. He was sure his throbbing penis and slight hard on from extreme desperation must have been obvious but all he could think about was getting them out so he could run to a urinal. He held his breath as they finally left but as Lewis shut the gate he could feel urine rush down the length of his shaft causing it to grow. and stiffen and without any thought, through the most extreme need to piss, he undid his fly, fished out his dick and let a few squirts burst out onto the ground. It too all his will power to stop but fear of being caught caused him to tuck his bursting penis back into his boxers and shorts and he zipped up quickly.

He wanted to grab another couple of bikes but he knew he just had to get inside to the toilet so badly now before his whole body gave up the fight. He couldn’t remember ever having to go so badly in his life. Lewis lushes the door open and walked briskly through the shop towards the toilets only to be met by Shona coming quickly towards him.

‘Lewis! So glad you’ve come in. I’m so so sorry I’ve only just remembered you haven’t had a break yet! Where you just coming to say? Goodness you should have said earlier. You must be starving! Go take it now. I’ll be fine on my own for a bit. Lewis? Lewis? Are you ok?’

Lewis could hardly contain himself. He was proud, professional and dignified but his body couldn’t hold back as Shona stood in front of him delaying him from the one and only thing he wanted to do so badly. He’d been thoroughly bursting to piss for hours now and letting out a few spurts had just broken the seal and he stood in front of his colleague squirming as another spurt shot out making his boxers wet and making an obvious wet patch on his shorts.

Lewis bowed his head, unzipped his fly, and with just Shona and himself in the shop he sprinted to the toilet with his erect penis gripped tightly outside his clothes as urine dripped from the tip as he made his way towards the gents. Shona watched in wonder as her colleague revealed his most private body part to her as she realised he had been pissing himself in desperation as she spoke to him.

She couldn’t help but feel wet herself at the thought of how long Lewis must have been holding and how desperate he must have been. She only wished she could have the pleasure of seeing his release, in more ways than one.
