Bladder test for girls!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-09-29 21:21

Mike and his friend love it when girls need to pee but can’t go, or don’t go for a long period of time.

They love to see girls desperate and they love to test girls bladders for their resilience and to test girls for their peeholding ability.

Whenever they spend a long time with girls they try don’t give them a chance to pee.

They wait until the girls confessed that they needed to go, they wait until they asked for a bathroom and then they try to make them wait and hold.

Their girls were very different in their behavior. Some asked already after a short time for a toilet and didn’t let them prevent from going. This girls went mostly several times during the day.

Others waited for a natural opportunity, sometimes very long even though they had to go already very urgently.

If they suppressed it until they almost couldn’t anymore before they admitted their need, before they asked for a toilet, they couldn’t wait afterwards for much longer.

Mike and his friend went repeatedly on day trips with different girls where they didn’t give them any opportunity to go anywhere to the toilet.

They once again invited two girls for a trip to another city.

All 4 were older than 18 years.

They left early in the morning with Mike’s car and stopped along the way for drinks and coffee at a service station. Neither of them went to the toilet before continuing on.

They spent a lovely day together with many different activities.

At noon they visited an amusement park were they had something to eat and to drink. It was already afternoon, still neither of them were at the toilet.

The boys had strong good trained bladders and loved to have their bladders full, especially when they were with girls who they knew had very full bladders as well.

Late afternoon, was their urge already very strong and they didn’t want to suffer any longer, while the girls on the other hand should continue to suffer, they should hold it!!

Girls are girls and girls have to be able to endure more, especially more urge to pee and more bladder pressure, that was the motto of the 2 boys.

The girls were not supposed to pee even though their bladders must have been very full and they probably already had a very strong urge as well.

The boys knew a way where they could pee but the girls not.

Usually they would hold it as well, because they like the feeling of a very full bladder, but this time they wanted to be safe for the way home.

They walked through a park and went into the bushes while the girls had to wait at the path.

There was no toilet in the park, the boys knew that and girls can’t just squat somewhere, girls have to hold it back when there is no toilet.

“They must have to piss as well really badly “ said Mike to his friend while they were peeing with pleasure.

”Surely are the bladders of both of them very full.”answered the friend relish.

The girls on the other hand, said nothing and were waiting with their full bladders patiently until the boys were back out of the bushes.

One hour later, at the way to the car said Mike to his friend “i think we should take a drink for the road!”

His friend agreed, he was well knowing why they should drink.The girls said that they wouldn’t need something to drink because they are not thirsty also well knowing why they shouldn’t drink, but the girls didn’t want to be against and stopped nevertheless at the kiosk.

With pleasure ordered the boys drinks for the girls.

As soon as they emptied their glasses, they went to the car.

The boys were very satisfied and excited that the girls got into the car with their bladders full from the entire day even though the journey would last about nearly 2 hours.

The fact that the drinks from before were still in their stomachs and had also to get in their already very full bladders was a extra arousing for the boys.

The bladders of the girls should get full to burst, that was it what the boys wanted. They wanted to see them desperate, they wanted to see them hold with all their power.

That last drink on the way to their very full bladders was getting very hard for the girls.

Not even a half an hour later was one of the girls begging for a stop at the next rest station.

”Is this really necessary? We will be at home in not even one hour, you are big girls, can’t you hold it for so long? I am sure that you can!!???!!!”said Mike.

”We urgently need to the toilet, we need to go since hours, but we thought we could stand it until at home, but we can’t. You have to stop before we wet your seat.” Answered one of the girls.

”Would you really wet your panties if we don’t stop?” Asked Mike’s friend, full of horniness.

He wanted to animate the girl to talk about her need, animate her to tell him how very, very urgently she had to go.

He wanted to hear that her urge is already painful and that her bladder hurts from being so much overfilled and that she is needing to wee so very, very bad.

He did know that it is bad to have fun if someone is suffering, but pee desperation was an exception, a girl can never have to piss urgently enough for the two boys. A girls bladder can never be full enough for them.

”I think that i wouldn’t wet my panties, but it would hurt me a lot to hold it back for longer.

We both haven’t been to the toilet all day, we are needing to go since noon, it’s already painful and hurting, a pee stop will be really very necessary.” Answered the girl a little bit angry about the lack of comprehension for their situation.

”But i can’t understand, if you both suppress it since noon, it can’t be a problem for you to wait for only one hour longer.” Said the boy confrontational.

”Don’t act like we’re weak girls, we are not weak, but we drank all day long and didn’t piss even once and now we have to go, we absolutely have to go.What’s so hard to understand about that?” Asked the second girl.

Before they had finished their discussion, they had to stop on the motorway because of a traffic accident.

Fortunately for the boys and unfortunately for the girls.

“Oh no!!!”moaned both girls at the same time.

“Oh yes!!” said both boys at the same time.

”Now you can show us that you are not weak. Cross your legs and pinch your slits tightly together, but keep my seat dry.” Said Mike with lust and spite.

*002*2025-10-01 19:49

{{On 9/30/2025 at 5:30 PM, Onedude said:

I like the way you think!

}}

I am glad you like it.

*004*2025-10-05 07:55

{{On 10/4/2025 at 5:03 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Congratulations Mike for hitting 1000 reputation points. 1001th from me

}}

Thank you so much for your congratulations, it means a lot to me!!

*005*2025-10-11 22:46

„What do we do now? Asked one of the girls worried.

“You won’t do nothing, you won’t even do a pee“ answered Mike with pleasure.

„But i really have to go, i can’t stand it any longer.“

“You’ll have to endure it, you have no other option.“ answered the other boy with malicious joy and full of lust.

„But i can’t, i have to go since noon, i can’t anymore!!! Can’t you understand that!!“ said the girl desperately and angry.

„I can understand you very well, but you will have to endure it and you will be able to endure it, you just have to want it!!

You are 18 and no more a little girl. Cross your legst and pinch tight your little hole between your thighs.“

The two boys always loved when girls desperately needed to go but weren’t allowed to, or couldn’t go.

They loved when girls asked for the bathroom during class but weren’t allowed to go.

To know that they had to pee but couldn’t go, turned them on very much.

They always had the desire to see a girl who had to pee so badly that she couldn’t stand it anymore but had to stand it anyway.

Now they had two girls in their car whose bladders were full to bursting and no prospect for them soon being able to pee.

They had been standing in the same place for half an hour and the girls were constantly complained about their need to pee.

„My bladder is about to burst.“ moaned one girl. „ I can’t go on, i have to pee now „ she continued.

“Is it really that bad?“ asked Mike.

“When i think about the fact that some girls in our class have to leave during class because they can’t stand it until the end of the lesson and the fact that I’ve been suppressing my urge since noon, then it must be bad, or what do you think?“ answered the girl.

„ I read that some girls can go 24 hours without peeing, so you’ll be able to last one or two hours longer.“ said Mikes friend.

“You can say what you want, i can’t take it anymore, my panties are already a little bit wet, I’m getting out and peeing next to the car.“ said the girl and opened the door.

“My whole stomach hurts because i have to pee as well so badly, but we can’t squat on the motorway, we have to hold it no matter what.“ said the other girl and pulled the door closed.

“Have you been a naughty girl? Are your panties really wet? Too bad we don’t have corks with us otherwise you could plug yourself up down there.“ said the boy with sarcasm.

“That is no more funny, it hurts so much. One thing i know for sure, never again in my entire life i will get into a car with a full bladder.“ said the girl.

Some minutes later they said in the radio that it will last minimum 30 minutes until the motorway will be opened.

„Oh no, our bladders will burst it we can’t pee for so much longer.“ said one girl.

“It was such a beautiful day, why are we being tortured so much now?“ said the other girl.

For the boys, became the day more beautiful from minute to minute.

The two girls knotted their legs and moaned loud from their painful urge to pee.

