Lisa Cuddy’s embarrassing accident

Author: MathewBrown

*000*2023-05-06 02:27

I decided to write this story because I always liked Lisa Cuddy in „House MD” and I was making fantasies of her wet accidents. Well, english is not my mother tongue and I’m not really experiemced writer, but I hope that You’ll like the story anyway. I also slightly used the story of Cuddy’s and House’s romance, but it’s not very important in the whole story.

Cuddy had been dreading this day for weeks. Her annual full bladder ultrasound was scheduled for today, and she knew what that meant. She would have to drink an absurd amount of water and then hold it until the technician was ready to perform the ultrasound. It was never a pleasant experience, but this year she was feeling particularly anxious.

She got up early, feeling groggy from a restless night's sleep. As she stumbled into the kitchen, she saw the note on the counter reminding her to drink at least 1.5 liters of water before leaving the house. She groaned inwardly, knowing that this was going to be a long day.

After forcing down the first glass of water, she called House to let him know about her appointment. "Good luck with that," he teased. "Try not to lose control too early." Cuddy rolled her eyes, knowing that he was just trying to get a rise out of her. She hung up the phone and tried to focus on getting through the rest of her water.

By the time she finished her last glass, her stomach was uncomfortably full and she could feel the pressure building in her bladder. She grabbed her purse and headed out the door, making her way to the clinic.

Cuddy arrived at the clinic 20 minutes before her scheduled examination, feeling the urge to relieve her full bladder. As she checked in at the front desk, she tried to discreetly adjust her posture to alleviate the pressure building in her lower abdomen.

To her dismay, the receptionist informed her that there was a problem and the examinations were running behind schedule. Cuddy tried to remain calm and asked how long the delay might be, but the receptionist could only offer a vague estimate.

As she waited in the crowded waiting room, Cuddy felt her bladder becoming increasingly full and uncomfortable. She shifted in her seat, crossed and uncrossed her legs, and even tried to distract herself by reading a magazine, but nothing could take her mind off the pressing need to urinate.

She checked her watch every few minutes, willing time to move faster, but it seemed to crawl by. As the minutes turned into hours, Cuddy began to worry that she wouldn't be able to hold on much longer.

As Cuddy waited in the clinic's waiting room, she could feel the growing pressure on her bladder. Her skintight white jeans made matters worse as they pressed on her belly. She shifted in her seat, trying to find a more comfortable position, but nothing seemed to alleviate the pressure building up inside her.

Time passed slowly, and the progress in line was very lazy. After an hour and a half since her arrival, Cuddy asked a nurse what was going on. The nurse informed her that everything was late, and she just had to wait for her turn. Cuddy's heart sank at the news as she knew that she needed to pee extremely bad right now. She didn't know how much longer she would be able to hold it.

To make matters worse, the nurse was very rude when Cuddy asked about the delay. The nurse informed her that she needed to have a full bladder during the examination, and if she lost it, she would have to clean it up herself. Cuddy couldn't believe how impolite the nurse was, but she couldn't concentrate on it for longer as her own needs were very pressing at the moment.

Cuddy tried to hold on, crossing her legs tightly, and clenching her muscles, but it was becoming increasingly difficult. She was afraid that any sudden movement or even a sneeze might be enough to make her lose control. Cuddy was in agony, and the thought of having to clean up after herself if she lost control was too much to bear.

Cuddy was at her wit's end. Her bladder felt like it was going to burst. Every minute that passed felt like an eternity. She was squirming in her seat, trying to find a comfortable position, but there was none. Her jeans were pressing against her bladder, making it even harder for her to hold on. She glanced at the clock and realized she had been waiting for an hour and forty-five minutes. She couldn't take it anymore.

As she shifted in her seat, she felt a sudden spurt of urine escape. She gasped and quickly covered her crotch with her hands. She looked around to see if anyone had noticed, but thankfully, nobody seem to notice anything.

Cuddy closed her eyes and took a deep breath, trying to calm herself down. She knew she had to hold on for a little while longer. She couldn't let all her efforts go to waste. She tried to distract herself by focusing on something else, but her bladder was screaming for relief. She shifted in her seat again and felt another spurt escape. This time, she couldn't hold it back. A small wet spot appeared on her jeans, and she knew she was in trouble.

Cuddy's desperation had reached its peak. She had been holding her pee for over three hours in total, but the clinic's delay had pushed her bladder to its limit. She tried to stay calm and collected, but her body had other plans. She felt her bladder spasm, and before she could react, a warm surge of urine burst out of her.

She gasped in shock as she felt the wetness spread across her crotch and thighs. Her skintight white jeans were quickly saturated, and the urine began to seep through the fabric, leaving a telltale yellow stain and pouring on couch that she seated on. She immediately got up with panic and then she started to feel the liquid running down her legs, pooling at her feet, and spreading across the floor. It was as if a dam had burst inside her, and there was no stopping the flow.

Cuddy's face flushed with embarrassment as she looked around the waiting room, hoping no one had seen what had just happened. But there was no hiding the evidence - the couch beneath her was soaked through, and a large puddle of urine was forming on the ground around her.

She tried to take a step forward, but her jeans were so heavy with urine that they clung to her legs, making it difficult to move. She felt humiliated, trapped in a body that had betrayed her. She tried to control the flow, but it was like trying to hold back a tidal wave.

The sensation was overwhelming - the warmth of the urine against her skin, the sound of it splashing onto the ground, the acrid smell of urine filling the air. She felt helpless, exposed, and utterly ashamed. She couldn't believe this was happening to her, in such a public place, with no way to hide it.

Cuddy's mind raced with thoughts of how she could escape this situation, but she knew there was no way out. She was trapped, both physically and emotionally, by the puddle beneath her feet. She felt like she had lost control of her body and her dignity, and there was nothing she could do about it.

Cuddy could hear whispers and muffled giggles from the other women in the waiting room. She knew that they were talking about her, and the thought made her feel even more mortified. She could feel her face flushing with embarrassment, and she tried to avoid making eye contact with anyone in the room.

The sound of a woman on the phone made Cuddy feel even worse. She could hear herspeaking loudly, telling someone about what had just happened. "Some idiot just totally peed herself in the waiting room. Oh my god." the woman said, and Cuddy felt like she was going to die of shame.

She felt like a child who had wet her pants, but she knew that she was a grown woman who should have been able to control her bladder. She wished that she could just disappear, or that the floor would open up and swallow her whole. But instead, she was standing in a puddle of her own urine, feeling exposed and humiliated.

Cuddy wanted to explain herself, to tell the other women that this wasn't her fault, that she had been waiting for hours and couldn't hold it any longer. But she couldn't bring herself to speak. She just stood there, feeling like a complete and utter failure.

As the minutes ticked by, Cuddy began to feel even more uncomfortable. Her soaked jeans were starting to feel cold and heavy, and the smell of urine was becoming overpowering. She wanted to leave the waiting room and go home, but she knew that she had to stay and face the consequences of her accident.

„There is no point in doing ultrasound when you don’t have full bladder. You have to clean the mess you made, lady.”

Cuddy felt a sense of utter defeat as the nurse spoke those words to her. The embarrassment and shame she had felt just moments ago had intensified tenfold. She couldn't believe this was happening to her. She had always been in control, but now, in this moment, she felt like she had lost all control of her body and her life.

As she looked around the waiting room, she could see the judgmental glances of the other women. She could hear their whispers and snickers behind her back. The weight of their judgment felt crushing, and she couldn't help but feel like she had become the butt of their jokes.

The nurse handed her some cleaning supplies and told her to get to work. Cuddy could feel her face turning red with shame as she began cleaning up the mess she had made. She scrubbed and wiped, trying to make the evidence of her humiliation disappear. But no matter how hard she tried, the stain on her jeans and the puddle on the cocuh remained, a reminder of her failure. She couldn't believe that she had let this happen. How could she have lost control like that? The thoughts raced through her mind, each one more humiliating than the last.

As she finished cleaning, the nurse informed her that she could reschedule her examination for another day. But Cuddy didn't want to come back here, not after what had happened. She just wanted to get out of there as fast as possible, to escape the judgmental eyes of the other women and the reminder of her humiliating accident.

With a heavy heart, Cuddy gathered her things and left the clinic. She felt like she had lost a part of herself, like the woman who had walked into the clinic earlier that day was no longer there. All that was left was a shell of a person, filled with shame and humiliation.

Cuddy felt so embarrassed as she walked back home. She couldn't believe what had just happened to her. The warm wetness on her skin, the sound of her urine hitting the ground, and the smell of urine all around her made her feel so ashamed. She couldn't stop thinking about what the other women in the waiting room were saying about her.

When she arrived home, House was there, and as soon as he saw her, he knew something had happened. He immediately asked her what was wrong, and she told him everything. He listened to her story with a mixture of concern and amusement. He felt bad for her, but he couldn't help teasing her a little.

As she finished her story, House couldn't resist making a joke, "It's a pity I couldn't see that, Cuddy. It must have been quite a sight!" he said with a smirk.

Cuddy couldn't help but roll her eyes at him. Even in this situation, he still managed to make her laugh a little. She appreciated his attempts to make her feel better, but she knew that she would never forget the humiliation she had experienced that day.

