Together in Times Of Desperation (book 2 of Sarah and Will) - Page 3

Author: Mbgpeelover

*054*2020-09-23 12:30

Chapter 21:

Once again though as they stepped through the door of Sarah’s house Will suddenly changed. Gone was the carefree, contented man who had walked with a spring in his step back from the woods and in his place was an anxious, stressed and confused adult who was like a fish out of water.

Will had loved his afternoon in the woods. He’d loved being alone with Sarah and he knew he would never forget seeing her pee outside like she had or the fact he had conquered peeing outside thanks, once again, to Sarah. He lived in the moment and when he was with Sarah nothing else mattered. But now as he walked in her front door the smell of fresh paint reminded him immediately of the fact he had again let Sarah down. He had planned it all out, worked out exactly what was needed and promised the woman of his dreams that he could decorate her living room in one day. Now as he stared at his watch and tried to reconcile his brain with the fact the big hand was almost at 6 and the small hand past five he saw in his mind the paper he had written the times on and felt ashamed and embarrassed at promising something he hadn’t delivered. Shame consumed him and in a fluster and panic he felt he had to get out of the room immediately.

Something had come over Will and Sarah was worried. What was it about coming back to hers that had suddenly upset him so much? He’d gone pale, quiet and she could see him freeze to the spot as he stared at his watch as if he’d forgotten all of a sudden how to tell the time. But when he rushed into the kitchen grabbing his jumper, bag, car keys, phone and wallet and ran right past her to his car she panicked herself.

Will had to get home. He felt so annoyed at himself for agreeing to go for a walk with Sarah which had taken him off schedule. He hated how easily lead and distracted he was where Sarah was concerned. Yes she was a hell of a sexy woman but he’d wanted so badly to impress her, to do something for her to thank her, and once again he hadn’t fulfilled what he had promised. Maybe tomorrow he’d try explaining that to her and that he had every intention of finishing the decorating. But what if she didn’t believe him?

As he stopped at red lights he had another awful thought: He hadn’t cleaned out the paint tray or washed the rollers! And on top of that he’d left so abruptly he’d not even put Sarah’s furniture in a place where she could use it. He was so meticulous when doing his own apartment how could he be so distracted and careless when at someone else’s? Will sighed a heavy sigh and drove the remaining short distance to his apartment, arriving at pretty much the same time he did every night after work. As he got out his car and took the few steps across the car park it felt so strange and unsettling to come home at the same time he always did on a Monday, but without a full bladder. Walking into his own flat he let out the breath he hadn’t realised he was holding and went to the toilet as he always did, even though just a dribble came out. He’d just got out the shower with his hair and beard still wet and he was heading for the kitchen to start his curry when he heard his buzzer go.

Sarah wasn’t letting Will run out on her like that without explanation! If she had done something, said something, or offended him, he needed to stop running away and have the guts to tell her. At least knowing he was a creature of routine and wouldn’t dare go anywhere other than his own apartment she knew where to find him. She grabbed her coat which was hanging behind the door, pulled her car keys out the pocket, locked the door and headed straight for Will’s house.

He owed her an explanation for his behaviour and she was determined to get one!

*056*2020-09-24 08:42

Chapter 22:

Despite knowing exactly who was buzzing Will still jumped at the sound of the buzzer. He never had visitors and the only time anyone buzzed was for deliveries and he knew he wasn’t expecting any of those. Wearing only his boxers he walked the length of the hallway as the buzzer went again. He pressed to unlock the main door downstairs then walked back down the hall to the open plan kitchen and lounge to get back to making dinner. It was reassuring to open the fridge and see exactly what had been there that morning: some beef, 1 onions, 2 garlic cloves, ginger, some milk, one yoghurt and a little butter as well as some milk in the door where it always was. That’s how his fridge looked on a Monday and that’s how he needed life to be to cope. Will sliced the beef into strips and placed it in the wok as he heard faint footsteps down his hallway.

‘Will, it’s me, Sarah. Are you ok?’

Sarah wasn’t sure wether she was angry, confused or just worried for Will. Clearly something had triggered a panic attack in him on arriving back to hers but quite what she wasn’t sure. She just needed to know he was ok. Parking in the visitor space in the car park she saw Will’s car right away and even though she couldn’t imagine him anywhere else it still brought comfort. She buzzed flat 14 not even sure Will would answer. Thankfully he did, even if he didn’t say anything. She climbed the communal stairs, let herself in, and walked down Will’s hall calling just to confirm it was her.

Seeing Will in his kitchen cooking as if nothing had happened fascinated Sarah. He could switch from panic mode to calm mode so quickly, especially once in his own environment. With wet hair and wearing just his underwear he looked incredibly sexy and relaxed. He hadn’t answered her previous question so she asked again.

‘Will, are you ok?’

Will hadn’t meant to ignore Sarah but he was focussed on cooking and preoccupied with frying beef, slicing onions and garlic and looking for curry powder. He glanced at Sarah who seemed genuinely worried, but not angry.

‘Yeah. Just hungry. You?’

‘Yes. I’m hungry too. I guess I just wanted to check you were ok. But I can see you are fine so I’ll leave you to it.’ She paused. ‘You know Will if you wanted home for your own routine you know you just needed to say. I won’t ever be mad at you for that.’

Will carried on cooking, the familiarity of making the same meal on the same night calming his mind and body. Not having to look at Sarah and having something to distract him made sustaining conversation so much easier.

‘I know. I’m sorry I ran out like I did. When you get back to yours if you rinse the roller out with turpentine and warm water, tap water should be fine, and soak the tray in warm water that will wash it out. I am sorry I didn’t do that before I left. I wasn’t thinking. And did you say you would just relax upstairs tonight as I didn’t even put the furniture out for you to sit on? And...I left my washing up bowl too!’

‘Right I’ll do that Will. I’ll leave you to it then. There’s....there’s no hurry to finish the decorating if you don’t want to. I’ll sort the furniture tomorrow. Thanks for all you did today. I loved seeing you!’

‘I loved seeing you too.’

Will continued cooking as he suddenly thought about something.

‘Do you want some dinner before you go? There’s enough if you like curry?’

‘You know I love curry Will. If you are sure then that would be lovely. Thank you. Can I help at all?’

‘I’ve never had anyone in my kitchen. I’m not sure...’

‘That’s fine Will. I understand. Where would you like me to sit? Is here ok?’

Will turned and nodded as Sarah pulled a dining chair out and sat down at Will’s immaculate dining table. His whole apartment was spotless, just like he was. It reflected his eye for detail, modern taste and minimalist ways perfectly. Will was a man of order and Sarah just enjoyed watching as he cooked a full curry from scratch without even having to think.

Dinner tasted delicious and Sarah loved just the simple fact of having company to eat, something she’d missed greatly since her mum had had to move to a nursing home two years previously. It was as if Will could read her mind as he smiled at her as they ate curry and drank iced water.

‘How’s your mum doing Sarah? I think of her so much you know.’

‘She’s unfortunately not doing so well Will. I was thinking of going to see her tomorrow since I am off work but I’m not sure if that would confuse her more? She doesn’t seem to know who I am these days though which is heartbreaking.’

Will got excited, not realising or thinking how his animated and delighted look might come across after Sarah had just shared some sad news. But regardless his idea just sounded so perfect to him he had to blurt it out right away.

‘Sarah, I’ve had an idea. You could go see your mum tomorrow and then I can pop back to yours and get the living room finished if you would like? That sounds perfect to me. I’ll get so much more done with you not around!’

Sarah could only nod. For a man who said he loved her his words and actions seemed at odds with that fact a lot at times. She didn’t have the strength to question Will’s idea. It wasn’t that she didn’t trust him in her house but it stung to hear him say so brazenly that he preferred it when she wasn’t around.

*058*2020-09-24 13:23

{{2 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

For the first time throughout the series, I feel sad. I don't know, there is thick tension in the air. And this stupid Will, how could he blurt such words in a whim. Grrrr. Sarah is upset I can feel it .

GAWD! Why can't Will just allow himself to melt in her arms...🥺

}}

Because he’s human and a complex character! But don’t despair as there’s plenty to come in the story so stayed tuned and you’ll find out what happens next.

While I don’t like making people sad it’s a privilege to see readers connecting so much with the characters and storylines. Thank you!

*059*2020-09-24 21:06

{{46 minutes ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Aww he can’t help it. I feel like Sarah has got to see that perhaps he has ASD or at the very least, struggles with social cues/situations. I mean she is a psychiatrist....but I guess she’s also emotionally caught up in the situation and may not be able to step back and see it....

}}

I love your thoughts on this!

*061*2020-09-25 08:22

Chapter 23:

After dinner Will rounded up the plates, cutlery and glasses and put them in the sink. Sarah watched as Will washed every single item by hand before placing it precisely in the dish washer, a far cry from how she loaded her own. It had been a long day and from the kitchen window at the sink Sarah could see it was already dark outside and raining now too. Will hadn’t even hinted at her staying and in truth she wasn’t sure she wanted to tonight. She loved Will but they still both benefitted greatly from their own time apart and privacy. She let Will finish his routine and she was about to hint at going home when Will opened his kitchen cupboard which was filled with every flavour of coffee imaginable plus a whole array of different teas.

‘Would you like a tea Sarah? I know you prefer that to coffee?’

‘Actually, I hope you don’t mind Will but it’s been a long day and I think I should head back home just now. It’s not personal, it’s just, well I sort of want to be prepared for tomorrow. It would have been my parent’s anniversary and I was going to look out some photos to see how mum reacted. She still keeps a seat at the dinner table in the home for my dad even though he passed away 8 years ago and never even knew the home existed never mind lived there. It’s beautiful but so sad too. But thank you so much for dinner. You are a first class cook and today has been incredible.’

Sarah paused and rose from her seat as she walked towards Will and kissed him. ‘Will, I love you.’

Will had quickly learnt the expected, but none-the-less heartfelt, response to Sarah’s declaration.

‘I love you too Sarah.’

He paused before saying more, his head lowered.

‘Sorry I didn’t get your decorating finished today. My online grocery shopping arrives between 6-7pm tomorrow but I shall be at yours before 9am and be finished for 5:30 as I said I would today. Thank you for today. And please can I bring my basin home tomorrow? I really do like that basin.’

‘Obsidian black? See I remembered Will. Oh I just had a thought. I had better leave you my keys. I know, I know, I must get a spare set but if you go round the back of mine where it’s more secure I’ll leave the keys under the plant pot by the bottom step. Will you be ok with that? Only if I am out though. I might still be home if you arrive before 9.’

‘Plant pot, bottom step, back door. Is it on the left or right Sarah? And what colour is the plant pot? Could you text me with the details in the morning?’

‘Of course I will. In fact I’ll take a photo and text you that so you can see exactly what the plant pot looks like. How does that sound?’

‘Thank you.’

Will was so glad Sarah had come over. He walked her to the door, kissed her goodbye then walked back to the living room and sat in his usual seat. He’d missed the first five minutes of the news but he could cope with that. He sat down and switched on the TV and finally allowed himself to relax.

Sarah drove home yawning but content that Will was ok. Back home she tried to recall where she had put her parents wedding photos and searched the kitchen drawers, a few boxes in her room and finally found them an hour later in the small box room tucked away in a corner. It was getting late so she made herself a cup of tea and took her phone and mug and the photos up to her bed to look through since the living room was still covered in dust sheets. She slipped off her gym leggings, t-shirt and bra but kept on the knickers she had worn all day which she had soaked earlier. It was raining outside but her house was warm enough and she slept better in just underwear. Sitting in her bed she checked her emails and scrolled through social media on her phone briefly before looking through the photos.

Memories flooded of aunts and uncles, cousins she hadn’t seen in decades, and family friends she had long lost contact with. Staring at her mum and looking at the date on the back she worked out that her mum was younger than she was on the day she was a beautiful bride. Sarah closed her eyes and tried to picture her and Will married. Tired and content she found her eyes shutting so she sat the photos aside, plugged her phone to charge and laid down.

It had been quite a day and flashbacks to painting, squirming, kissing, laughing, walking and peeing with Will danced around her subconsciousness as her mind and body rested but her bladder filled.

*062*2020-09-25 09:15

Just to say it is Will now be Tuesday before the next chapter as I have no WiFi access until then. Stay tuned! It’s worth the wait

*064*2020-09-29 14:19

Chapter 24:

Will turned off his TV, did the next crossword in his puzzle book, used the bathroom then brushed his teeth and went to bed. Tomorrow he planned to make things right, whatever it took. He wasn’t going to disappoint Sarah a second day. Tomorrow he wouldn’t allow himself to be distracted.

Sarah fell into a deep sleep quickly dreaming of her mum and dad coming to her wedding but both her and Will taking their vows crossed legged because they were both desperate to pee. Her mind vividly played out scenes of extended family posing for formal photos while both Will and herself grimaced with extremely full bladders, her body squirming on her bed as she dreamt. She woke abruptly in the early hours lying face down on the bed with one hand tightly clutched between her legs as her mind awoke just enough to respond to the urgency of the situation.

Half asleep, Sarah climbed out of bed and stumbled to the bathroom, sat on the toilet, completely oblivious to the fact she hadn’t pulled down her panties, and peed loudly and fiercely as her bladder emptied hours of liquid in one long go. Barely awake it wasn’t until Sarah went to wipe that she felt the wet cotton, but still not fully conscious, she simply stepped out of the knickers, wiped, and went back to bed, now completely naked. Exhausted mentally and physically she drifted back to sleep quickly, her dreams from then on confused and erratic.

Will woke refreshed and energised. He went through his morning routine exactly as he always did and left his apartment at exactly the same time he did every work day, arriving at Sarah’s exactly 15 minutes before he would have arrived at work. He rang the bell, as he always did, then pushed the door to open it. He hadn’t had a text with a photo of the plant pot and as Sarah’s car was in her drive he assumed she was home.

‘Sarah, it’s me, Will.’

Sarah had had a fitful night’s sleep and woke later than normal. Suddenly remembering Will was coming over she checked the time to see she had overslept much more than she had realised as it was already 8:30am! Panicking, she jumped out of bed, ran downstairs naked to unlock the door, had a quick pee, then showered super quick, almost washing her hair with shower gel instead of shampoo in her haste. She had only just put clothes on and her hair was still wrapped in a towel when she heard Will calling.

‘I’m upstairs. Be down soon Will. Can you put the kettle on please?’

Will chuckled. As a devout coffee convert it never ceased to amuse him how he had fallen in love with an avid tea drinker. ‘Either God had a sense of humour or fate is laughing at us both’ he thought to himself as he walked through the living room to the kitchen and filled and switched on Sarah’s kettle. While the kettle boiled he saw his overall on the floor where it had been left the day before and climbed into it ready to start. He’d already mixed and poured out some paint into a tray, going over to the box and taking out a fresh roller as well as the masking tape and a brush. Sarah had only asked him to put the kettle on, which he had done, so even when it clicked off he ignored it and set about with the decorating, focussing quickly on the job at hand.

Sarah rubbed her hair dry with the towel then dried it with the hairdryer as quickly as possible, not bothering with make up to save time. She longed for a cup of tea and wondered if Will had taken the hint to make one, then laughed at the fact she knew pretty much for certain he would have only just put the kettle on as requested. After just a month of dating she knew already that it wasn’t selfishness or thoughtlessness on Will’s part but just his literal mind and how he interpreted social communication. She was kicking herself for not specifically asking him to make her tea as her dry mouth and throat gasped for warm liquid.

‘Morning handsome!’

‘Morning beautiful!’

‘I’ve just woken Will so not had breakfast yet. Fancy a coffee while you work?’

‘Yes please! I boiled the kettle.’

‘Brilliant! Thanks.’

A few minutes later Sarah handed Will through an instant coffee exactly as he liked it.

Will took the mug and paused for a second.

‘Sarah is your mobile upstairs? I think I just heard it buzz with a text message. Have you got it set to the default 158 Marimba tri-tone? Did you know over 400 million people in the world have that same text alert setting?’

Sarah smiled.

‘You have incredible hearing Will. 400 million? I’m in good company then!’

Sarah took the stairs two at a time and found that, indeed, she had had a text. Not that she wanted to read it though. Another declined direct debit and more charges. Sigh. She’d have to deal with that later.

She hadn’t even managed a mug of tea yet!

*065*2020-09-30 08:31

Chapter 25:

Sarah sat quietly in the kitchen drinking her tea and gathering her thoughts as Will diligently pained next door. She didn’t feel like eating as nerves at seeing her mum made her stomach feel funny. She hated that feeling of guilt that crept up on her every time she thought about her mum in the home. Will wasn’t the only one struggling at times with feelings of failure; his struggles just happened to be more obvious at times.

Walking past Will, who was engrossed in painting, she went back upstairs and picked up the photographs, not even noticing her pants on the bathroom floor from the middle of the night as her mind ran at sixty miles an hour whirling with all the day had in store. Taking her jacket from the peg by the front door she called through to say goodbye to Will before getting into her car and heading to her mum’s nursing home. She hoped to perhaps even get time to pop into the bank on the way back, though that much she didn’t want Will knowing about, not yet anyway.

Will was delighted with his progress as alone he focussed solely on the project at hand, working from area to area systematically and thoroughly. As he did everyday at work he stopped at exactly 12:30 to drink the coffee from his travel mug and eat his sandwich brought from home. Within 15 minutes it was packed back away in his bag as he stopped to move furniture to access the window wall, once again blocking the door upstairs due to the fact he needed to keep the furniture away from the freshly painted walls and the fact there was just nowhere else for the stuff to go. It wasn’t until he draped the dust sheets back over it all that Will felt a familiar feeling between his legs. It wasn’t like he wasn’t used to holding his bladder all day though so he carried on as normal.

Sarah arrived at her mum’s nursing home before 10:30. She signed in and put on the visitor lanyard and was taken to where her mum was in the main lounge. Her mum looked so alone, so lost in her own world, that Sarah wished she could turn the clock back. She wanted to remember the mum who made cakes with her, went on bike runs and read her bedtime stories, not the lonely lost lady staring out the window. Sarah sat beside her mum and tried talking to her for a while showing her the old photographs and whispering happy anniversary to her while kissing her cheek. When the tea trolley came through Sarah poured some for herself and her mum and chose a few biscuits for them both too.

Back at Sarah’s Will was finding the window wall trickier. He had to angle the ladder over the window and decided it would be safer to take the curtains down to prevent any paint dripping on them. After they were down he then struggled balancing the paint while he reached over the window becoming much more aware of the fact he needed to pee now. Once the wall was complete Will climbed down from the ladder and stepped back. The wall looked much fresher but it was ruined by how much it now highlighted the window surround which really needed painted too. Will made a sudden decision to gloss the window surround before moving on. The final wall was to be wallpapered so he took the roller and brush through to Sarah’s kitchen to clean. Wearing the overall was making him sweat so before he began washing up he filled a glass of cold water and drank it all.

Rinsing the roller, brush and tray took longer than Will hoped and he found himself moving from foot to foot as the running water increased his need to pee substantially. Glancing through to the other room he briefly thought about using Sarah’s bathroom but changed his mind when he saw the door blocked by the furniture. He glanced at the kitchen clock and wondered how Sarah was doing. It was almost 2 already and he had a window to gloss and a wall to paper all before 5. He’d promised Sarah he’d finish on time and besides today was Tuesday and he had to be home in time for his weekly online grocery delivery. Leaving the now clean tray on a tea towel on the counter with the roller and brush Will moved to the box and pulled out the gloss paint and a smaller brush, giving himself a brief squeeze in his crotch as he did so.

Family were never allowed to stay for meals at the home so Sarah was surprised when Patsy came over to get the tea trolley and, looking at the photos on Sarah’s knee, quietly asked if she wanted to stay and have lunch with her mum.

‘I know you shouldn’t but poor Irene is in bed unwell so the meal would only go to waste. It’s chicken pie, boiled new potatoes and vegetables today if you want some?’

Sarah nodded as she noticed her mum hadn’t even responded to Patsy’s arrival.

‘Thank you so much. That’s one of mum’s favourite meals you know. It would have been her wedding anniversary today too.’

‘It’s hard isn’t it. Your mum is so lovely though. Is that Alex? She talks about him daily you know.’

‘Yes. She never did get over his passing. I’m sure that’s what’s made her lose herself like this.’

Sarah went quiet before adding in a whisper,

‘I miss mum so much even though she’s still here.’

‘I know. Why don’t you see if she’ll walk with you into the dining room? Lunch is ready so just sit wherever you like.’

As Patsy left Sarah stood up and gently pulled her mum to standing too. She looked around for help but everyone was clearly already at lunch so Sarah linked her arm in her mum’s and walked her slowly towards the dining room.

‘Mum, it’s lunch time. Chicken pie today, your favourite!’

Walking slowly along the corridor Sarah passed an individual residents toilet and realised she could really do with using it herself. But her mum was too unsteady, too vulnerable, to be left unattended and besides the lunch smelled delicious since she hadn’t yet eaten a meal today.

Sarah sat opposite her mum crossing her legs at her ankle as she promised herself she’d use the loo before leaving. Thankfully her mum was still able to feed herself and Sarah loved seeing that she was very much enjoying her meal. There was more tea and water served again and Sarah opted for water the same as her mum, trying not to drink too much as she already had to pee but finding the meal saltier than she was used to and automatically countering that fact by drinking water.

By 2pm Sarah had guided her mum back to the sitting room again and Patsy had said she would take over as she walked with Sarah to the front door and signed her out. Despite her bladder being very full Sarah hadn’t had the courage to ask to use the toilets before leaving especially as Patsy seemed in a hurry not to leave Barbara unsupervised. It wasn’t until she got into her car than she cursed herself for not saying as she squeezed her thighs tightly together.

*067*2020-09-30 15:34

{{6 hours ago, wannawatch said:

Getting into a car allready quite desperate to go.. Never a good idea!

Loving the new story unfold!

}}

Sometimes circumstances don’t permit anything else...been there a number of times myself.

*069*2020-10-01 09:54

Chapter 26:

Will had the window surround glossed fairly quickly, though he couldn’t stand still and he was very aware of how badly he wanted to pee. Rinsing the brush under the hot tap made him cross his legs tightly and bend forward as he felt he might burst any second. The kitchen clock read 2:50 as Will suddenly realised that Sarah might be home soon and if he didn’t move the furniture she wouldn’t be able to get into the lounge. He also decided that there was no way he could wallpaper the last wall without having an accident so as soon as he had moved the furniture he planned to run up to Sarah’s toilet and relieve his aching bladder. His mind focussed on Sarah; he so wanted to see her before he had to leave to go home.

Sarah squirmed behind the wheel as she moved onto the main road to head back to Springland. As she approached the big roundabout she bit her lip and squeezed her muscles as she concentrated on being in the right lane and getting onto the A road that lead all the way to her home town. There were no services, supermarkets or even petrol stations on the half hour journey and just one lay-by where she had pulled into only once before when Will had peed into the door storage of her car then released a torrent at the side of the road. But it was exposed with no bushes to even crouch behind and Sarah decided her best option was to hold tight until home. At least the road was clear and the traffic moving.

Having not heard from Sarah since she left Will picked up his phone from Sarah’s worktop and sent her a text, his legs shaking and twisting as he did so.

‘Hi, hoping all is well. Just one wall left to do now so will be finished on time. Hope to see you soon. Love Will xx’

Sarah heard her phone beep in her pocket and smiled as she recalled Will’s statement that morning about how many millions of people had the same text alert. Will always seemed to make her smile and it was a welcome distraction from her aching pulsating bladder. Driving on an A road she had no intention of checking her phone at that point but she made a mental note to check it once she was home.

‘God I really need to pee so much! Hurry up lorry!’

Sarah tapped the starring wheel in frustration as the lorry in front drove slower than the speed limit. Finally the outer lane was clear and Sarah safety overtook, moaning as the tingling between her legs was merciless and unyielding.

‘Gotta pee so much!’

She thought of Will at home and smiled at the reality that not only would she see him soon but that she would save vital time by not having to unlock the front door. As the A road ended Sarah went straight through another roundabout before being caught at a red light as she approached the high street.

‘Come on lights. I need to get home NOW.’

As the traffic crawled along the high street Sarah took one hand from the steering wheel and kneaded her crotch, but wearing jeans the material was too thick and coarse to really help much. For once she wished she had been at work as usual so she could have pressed between her skirt or dress and seriously put pressure against her urethra through her nylon tights and underwear or even her suit trousers which weren’t nearly as tight at the waist as her jeans. Although she knew she shouldn’t, as she waited at another red light she pulled her phone from her pocket and quickly read her text. Fleetingly her eyes glanced at the previous text too but while her mind reminded her of her previous plans to go to the bank on the way home her body dictated that right now that would not be a good idea. Sarah sighed deeply. She really did need to sort her finances out but she desperately wanted to see Will, and even more desperately right now, she needed to use a toilet.

‘Jeez this is gonna be touch and go! Come on lights! Change!’

Will pulled the dust covers from the furniture and began moving things one by one, as quickly as his body could. He needed to get upstairs quickly! The last thing he needed today was to soak his clothing!

The problem was he could already feel a small leak escaping as he picked up the coffee table to move it away from the door.

‘Shit! Just one more minute body! You can do this!’

*071*2020-10-02 10:32

Chapter 27:

After much body twisting, squeezing and squirming Will finally had all the furniture away from the door and sitting in the middle of the room away from the freshly painted walls. With one hand very tightly wrapped around his penis over his overall and slacks he pulled the living room door open and mounted Sarah’s stairs two at a time. Swearing with the intensity of the pressure both in his bladder and his pee swollen penis, Will was sweating and his heart rate soaring. He pushed the slightly ajar bathroom door fully open and barged in pulling his slacks and boxers down to his knees as he sat on Sarah’s toilet unceremoniously, tucked his quivering penis in and tried to relax. He’d usually stand to pee but he felt dizzy with desperation and felt safer sitting down. He gripped the side of the toilet with one hand and pushed his trembling half erect penis down facing the pan with the other.

Now he just needed to let his body calm down, relax, and release.

Sarah was bouncing on her seat the closer she got to home. Her mind could think of nothing else except getting to her bathroom urgently as her body clamped her muscles closed with everything it had.

‘Almost there! Almost there! You can do this Sarah.’

Pulling into her driveway faster than she ought to she pulled the handbrake on, turned the engine off, unclipped her seat belt and pushed the drivers door open within seconds.

‘Come on! Almost there!’

Will looked around Sarah’s bathroom trying to relax and rest enough for his body to urinate like it urgently needed to. Maybe it was the constant touching of his testicles and penis, or the smell of Sarah’s shower gel that brought memories of kissing her or looking at her shower and visualising Sarah naked standing in it right in front of him, or maybe it was the combination of all three, but whatever it was Will found his penis growing and hardening as the tip rubbed off the front of Sarah’s toilet pan. Will’s eyes wandered around the room as his hands simultaneously wandered to his penis as he gently stroked and ran his thumb and fingers up and down.

Then suddenly his eyes caught something and adrenaline coursed through his body like lightening. His eyes glistened, his head spun and something came over him that he could no longer control. Kicking off his slacks and boxer shorts he shifted his weight from the toilet momentarily and reached onto the floor by the door. Was that what he thought it was? 

His eyes explored the little white item with intricate baby blue and pale pink flowers, his nose sensing the unmistakably aroma of Sarah combined with stale urine, his hands feeling the slight dampness and, sensing that the item had been discarded wet, Will’s penis shook and vibrated in absolute eagerness for action. Will couldn’t resist as naughty thoughts overtook rational thinking and he quickly put one foot in one leg hole and his other foot in the other and pulled on the cotton panties that he knew belonged to his sexy princess. Sitting back down on the toilet, his back tight against the upright seat behind him Will resumed stroking his long thick erection under Sarah’s knickers, his body as desperate now for release of sexual desire as it was for physical release of urine.

Sarah pushed the front door open with her elbow as her hand clenched tightly between her legs. Unable to even think of pausing to let Will know she was home she marched on the spot frantically as she pushed the door closed quietly behind her. Having to use the railing to steady herself Sarah barely made it up her own stairs, stopping twice to twist and squirm as she felt leaks escape. So consumed with her own need she could only just focus on her own body as every fibre yearned to let go of the torrent inside her.

Finally at the top of the stairs Sarah raced into the bathroom, then something stopped her abruptly.

‘Will! Oh my God Will! What...what are you doing?’

*074*2020-10-02 11:37

{{57 minutes ago, stinklerus said:

Oh dear - caught in the act! Wonder how this will go.

}}

I’m quite sure he’s not the first man to get caught...

Now to wait until tomorrow and see what happens lol

*075*2020-10-03 09:03

Chapter 28:

Like a deer caught in headlights Will froze immediately, captivated and entranced by Sarah’s voice, the unexpected intrusion, and her sexuality. While his hands might have stopped rubbing his penis still vibrated and his hormones still raged. While he tried to process everything and reason what best to do the decision was quickly taken out of his hands.

The shock of seeing Will sitting on her own toilet wearing her own underwear, combined with an inability to actually use her toilet, was too much for Sarah’s body and she could feel the crotch of her jeans dampening as she leaked. Pulling frantically and exasperatedly at her jeans she somehow managed to undo the button as she hurriedly pulled down her jeans and knickers, all the while feeling more and more urine leaking.

With her jeans and underwear at her feet Sarah turned suddenly and stepped back, unable to hold back another second. She reached behind herself and grabbed Will’s knees allowing her body to fall back onto his with Will’s back tight against the back of the toilet and Sarah’s knees wedged right behind her boyfriend’s. Feeling Will’s very sold penis against her naked backside Sarah closed her eyes as her thighs rested on tops of Will’s and her urethra burst like a dam, pouring its overfull contents into the toilet beneath her and drenching Will’s anatomy in the process.

Will thought he’d won the lottery as he watched Sarah jerk her jeans and underwear down, his eyes transfixed on her facial expressions and sounds. Try as he might he felt utterly frozen to the spot and trapped, but then he gasped as his beautiful princess grabbed his own knees, straddled on top of him and allowed her body to consummate what it had been striving to do for hours.

If he had been right on the very edge of ejaculation before Sarah walked in he felt he had hit a treble jackpot as his body reached boiling point as Sarah’s warm urine poured over his erection as his penis shot out the leg hole of his girlfriends knickers and rubbed against her bottom and seriously wet vagina. Will folded his arms around the most precious person in his life, holding her close and moaning softly as his body delighted in every millisecond of what he was experiencing.

Will had never experienced sexual climax like it.

Sarah sighed loudly as urine pounded out of her body furiously, finally releasing the burden that had been pressurising and straining her bladder for hours. She’d reached a crescendo and feeling Will’s arms hold her, sensing his breath on the back of her neck, hearing his sweet erotic moans and being supported by his body under and behind her she allowed her emotions, physical body, and even her heart to empty completely knowing she was safe and well.

As Will’s semen was washed off his penis by the last of Sarah’s pee running out of her exhausted urethra opening Will slowly and sexually kissed the back of Sarah’s neck as he felt a truly wonderful sensation at the tip of his phallus. His own hands wandered deliberately inside Sarah’s t-shirt to her erect sensational nipples over her thin bra as his fingers felt the delicious body of the sexiest woman in the world as the sound of Sarah sighing loudly made Will feel the most contented he had ever felt in his entire life.

*077*2020-10-03 12:59

{{1 hour ago, wannawatch said:

Any good story has twists and turns in them the reader did not expect..I think it's safe to sat t h i s story more than meets expectations ! Well, mine anyway 😉

I'm thrilled to read Will somehow survives this awkward moment, and yes-I'm dying to know how this will develop further !

}}

So glad to hear it’s living up to (and maybe even exceeding?) your expectations. I have invested a lot into writing this and knowing others are enjoying it means a lot.

