12 more months of desperate workers - Page 2

*027*2019-08-04 12:17

May: the community care worker

Emmanuel’s family descended from Africa and arrived in Britain with hopes and dreams but very little else. Somehow, despite limited English, his parents navigated the immigration system and Emmanuel was able to complete his last few years of high school in Manchester where his family had settled. Leaving school proved to be a disaster at first with his family immediately losing vital benefits as a result and Emmanuel feeling he was to blame. He’d done ok at school, especially given how little education he had received back in Africa before moving and the fact he was at a considerable disadvantage to his peers with English as a second language and moving from house to house until full immigration was finally granted.

Emmanuel wanted to give back to the country that had given his family so much. Puberty had seen his height gain considerably and at over six foot tall, lean and a fast runner he had always thought sport would be his thing. As it turned out no team seemed keen on him and Emmanuel needed to think of something different and he needed it quickly. With nothing to lose he joined an agency and told them he would do anything they wanted him to. At 21 any experience would be beneficial.

So when the call had come in the week before that a care company were looking for individuals to care for vulnerable adults in the community Emmanuel said yes right away. He had little idea what the job entailed but guaranteed minimum wage appealed greatly. Training was surprisingly minimum and involved a day of courses and form filling followed by a day of shadowing a current employee. The company needed staff quickly and it was clear to Emmanuel that the fact they had to contact an agency proved just how desperate they were. On the other hand it also made him realise how disposable he was in that the agency could call someone to replace him easily should he give them reason to. He wasn’t going to give them any reason to. He was determined to prove he could do this.

After his day of shadowing Emmanuel was given an address to get to for 9am the next day. All he knew was that he would be the sole career of a regular user of the care company and that he would be working from 9am until 5. What he would be doing he had yet to find out.

Emmanuel Googled the address and how to get there. By 8am the following day he was out the family home and on his way to work with an eagerness and excitement. He found the address and at 8:55 he rang the doorbell. He was greeted by an older woman who asked to see his lanyard identity badge and invited him in. The house was homely and welcoming and epitomised all that Emmanuel loved about England; the smell of tea in the air, carpeted rooms, wall papered walls and photographs of family framed on the walls. The main room was focussed on the central wall mounted TV with two two seater couches facing it and a coffee table in the centre. The older lady beckoned Emmanuel to have a seat and he was immediately offered a tea or coffee. He’d grown to love English tea very much so readily accepted a mug. His host returned with two mugs and went through a file that was on the coffee table all about her son Ben.

Emmanuel was fascinated by everything he heard about Ben. At 19 he was just two years Emmanuel’s junior yet their lives were very different. Ben apparently had little in the way of spoken communication, was autistic and epileptic and what was known as a ‘flight risk.’

Emmanuel listened intently as Ben’s mum spoke emotionally about previous carers who had underestimated Ben’s ability to wander, or escape, and how she had became hysterical at the thought of her only son, a very vulnerable young man, being in so much danger. Ben, apparently had the cognitive function of a young child with absolutely no awareness of any dangers like traffic, strangers or getting lost. On a positive so much of what he seemed to love were things Emmanuel himself enjoyed like football, ten pin bowling, swimming and eating out. The idea that Emmanuel could get paid to do these activities with Ben seemed rather incredible, though of course he had yet to meet the young man or go anywhere with him so perhaps it would be more difficult and less enjoyable than Emmanuel imagined.

As if on cue Ben came downstairs with an older man, who Emmanuel assumed was his dad. The older gent asked his wife if she had explained the medical stuff and she shook her head. Emmanuel turned to face the older man. He had no medical training at all and he’d never administered any medication even to his siblings so his heart beat faster at the mention of medical support.

The older man smiled gently and sat down as Ben sat next to him and switched on the TV to a kids channel. Speaking lovingly and gently the older man shared about epilepsy medications which Emmanuel would not need to administer but which he would need to be aware of regardless. He was shown a page in Ben’s file about what to look out for regarding seizure activity and reassured that current medication was controlling Ben’s seizures well at present.

The older man then turned a page which read ‘recent changes’ and which had been completed in handwriting rather than printed. The man read out to Emmanuel about a recent urine infection that had caused Ben to be so disturbed he had self harmed so for a short period of time the GP wanted him catheterised to ensure his bladder was emptying completely and that Emmanuel would be given a spare catheter bag and expected to change the bag and clean the tubing while out with Ben. All other cleaning and medical tasks would be the responsibility of Ben’s parents.

Emmanuel wanted to ask so many questions. He’d never seen a catheter before let alone changed one. He knew only a little about autism and epilepsy scared him. Yet seeing Ben and being in the same room as him made Emmanuel feel at peace. He looked like any other 19 year old even if he was rocking and humming to a young children’s programme on TV. Ben could have been one of his family and this was a job. He closed the file, put it in his backpack and finished his tea.

Ben’s mum slipped Emmanuel an A4 slip of paper and an envelope of money alongside a disabled ID badge for Ben and a carers card for Emmanuel. Emmanuel glanced at the paper which had a detailed schedule of where he was to take Ben and what buses to catch and where. Emmanuel was incredibly grateful for the detail though the mum apologised for perhaps treating him as a child, even though Emmanuel hadn’t even thought she was. She was organised, thorough and wanted the best for her son. Emmanuel admired that.

As Emmanuel put the paper in his back pocket he noticed the older man hand Ben a makeshift laminated key ring of pictures and Emmanuel smiled as the man read out ‘Tuesday’ on the front followed by each picture which was simple and clear and went through the same schedule as Emmanuel’s paper but much simpler like bus, bowling, lunch, bus, park, bus home. Ben pointed to the bus symbol as his mum put his anorak on and shook Emmanuel’s hand. Emmanuel thanked them both for the tea and promised to look after their son as he took Ben’s hand and walked back to the bus stop he had got off at just an hour before.

Alone with Ben Emmanuel felt strange but relaxed. Ben seemed to understand what was happening and they didn’t need to wait long for the bus. Emmanuel showed the cards he had been given and was amazed to find that his fare was free as a carer and Ben’s was half price as a disabled passenger. Emmanuel knew where the bowling was and twenty minutes later they arrived and Ben seemed to know exactly where to go.

Again Emmanuel showed the cards to the desk but he wasn’t asked for any payment and instead shown to lane 3 which was pre-booked for them and when Emmanuel looked at the bowling lane employee strangely she smiled and said Ben came every Tuesday and he only ever bowled on lane 3. Obviously his parents were as organised with this as everything else. Ben was meanwhile ordering the bowling balls into colours and Emmanuel typed their names into the screen. Ben looked up and flapped excitedly on seeing his name first. Before Emmanuel could blink Ben had taken a green ball and bowled it down the lane knocking down 8 pins on his first go.

Ben was way better at bowling than Emmanuel expected and by turn four a jug of juice and two cups were brought over without them having to ask and Ben pointed at the juice laughing. Emmanuel poured them both a full cup and they had finished two cups each before their ten games were over. Ben won, though only just, and Emmanuel had enjoyed the game a lot. Ben attempted to put his coat on and Emmanuel helped him before Ben pointed to his bus symbol and Emmanuel took his hand to head for another bus. Now they were off for pizza and Emmanuel could hardly believe this was a shift at work.

Things got trickier when the bus was late and Ben seemed agitated and stressed. Emmanuel reassured him, though the wait was annoying him too, especially as he was needing to find a bathroom soon. It was another ten minutes before the bus finally came by which time Ben was making distressed noises and pulling his hair. Once on the bus Emmanuel checked his sheet in his pocket and wondered if Ben could in fact tell the time. It was nearing 1pm by now and Emmanuel wanted a restaurant too as he sat with his legs crossed very aware he needed to use a bathroom soon. Ben still seemed agitated as they arrived at the retail park but once off the bus he flicked his fingers in front of his face and smiled. When they arrived at the door Ben froze for a moment while Emmanuel had to move from foot to foot as the thought of being so close to a bathroom sent a wave from his bladder.

Emmanuel had no idea why Ben wasn’t going in but he seemed stuck and was humming and rocking. Not sure what to do Emmanuel asked him if he was ok. Ben shook his head and grunted. Very aware of his own pressing need for the bathroom himself Emmanuel suddenly remembered the catheter but he wasn’t sure how to ask if that was the problem. Ben didn’t have a visual card he could use so he opened his backpack and opened he folder at the page marked ‘recent changes’ and Ben became visibly happier! Now all Emmanuel had to do was to work out how to change the bag. As long as he could use the gents while doing it they could both feel better, or so he hoped.

Ben took his hand and walked into the restaurant where the young waitress greeted him by name. He was clearly a regular here too. As they were shown to a table Emmanuel quietly asked if they had bathrooms he could use. When the waitress quietly asked if it was for Ben Emmanuel nodded. The waitress put a reserved sign on the table and led the two gents through a door. To one side was the ladies and baby change and to the other side was the gents which Emmanuel so longed to use. As he started to push the door of the men’s toilet open in anticipation the waitress shook her head and unlocked a ‘staff only’ room right ahead of them. Hearing the flush from the urinal caused Emmanuel to have to give himself a quick rub as he so hoped to be able to piss soon.

Right now though he needed to sort Ben out first and he was confused as to why he wasn’t being taken to the toilets to do that. As if she could read his thoughts the waitress explained that Ben’s father had called to say he was coming with a new carer and that should he need it could a clean room with a sink be available for the carer to sort a minor medical need. Being regulars the manager had agreed they could use the staff room which was much cleaner than a public bathroom. Emmanuel could not fault the care and attention to detail that Bens’s parents put into his care and the lengths they went to to ensure everything went smoothly. He’d never changed a catheter before so perhaps the staff room would be better and maybe there was a staff toilet he could quickly use too. He so desperately needed to go.

The waitress left and Ben walked around the room anxiously touching everything and jumping. Emmanuel was edgy too as he tried to look for a toilet and calm Ben all whilst trying to read the instructions on the spare catheter bag. He called Ben over and was surprised when he came right away, though he was clearly excited to be somewhere new. Emmanuel felt strange and awkward undoing Ben’s trousers but Ben stroked his arm and hair and made noises that appeared happy at least. Bending down to undo the bag Emmanuel had to squeeze himself as he muttered under his breathe how bad he himself had to pee.

It was no wonder Ben’s bag was full and Emmanuel openly pee danced as he poured the contents down the sink and then rinsed the sink. Attaching the fresh bag was easy and within minutes Ben was decent and pushing the door handle down forcing Emmanuel to wash his hands super fast to prevent Ben escaping. Back in the small corridor Emmanuel spoke to Ben telling him he was just going to use the toilet but Ben carried on heading for the restaurant flapping and bouncing excitedly. Emmanuel looked at the gents longingly but chased after Ben despite his bursting bladder.

Thankfully the same waitress as before caught Ben before Emmanuel could and guided him to the table. Emmanuel joined Ben, immediately crossing his legs and leaning forward. The waitress hovered by the table as Emmanuel suddenly panicked how he would know what Ben wanted to eat. He showed him the menu but Ben was too busy sorting the condiments still on the table. The waitress thankfully came to his rescue again asking Ben if he wanted his usual and Ben smiled, giggled and rocked. Emmanuel took that as a yes and ordered himself Hawaiian with some lemonade.

Alone with Ben Emmanuel pulled his crossed legs tight with his arms. He looked at Ben fascinated by everything about him, finding himself enjoying his time with him more than he ever expected but also wondering if he would stay settled for just five minutes so he could run to the gents super quick. Even as the thought ran through his head Emmanuel could see the emotional in the boy’s mums face earlier that day as she explained how previous carers had lost her son whist in their care and he knew that in 5 minutes Ben could be anywhere. He didn’t want to lose a job he’d only just started so he swung his leg and bounced his knee trying to stave off the constant push from his bladder.

Ten minutes later and still holding, the pizzas and drinks arrived. The waitress clearly seemed familiar with Ben and it occurred to Emmanuel that she may keep an eye on him whilst he ran to the toilet. He was cramping with the need to urinate now and he knew he couldn’t enjoy any food or drink in his current state. Yet he couldn’t quite find the words to ask. Ben seemed to have a fabulous appetite at least and he was half way through his first slice of pepperoni pizza as the waitress left. Emmanuel moaned and shifted in his seat. He was hungry and thirsty but somehow until he had used a bathroom he couldn’t manage anything else. Out of politeness he sipped some lemonade but he just couldn’t face any food as he pushed both legs under the chair and pressed an elbow into his crotch hoping no-one could see. Ben seemed oblivious as he ate and drank happily but meanwhile Emmanuel held back tears.

His lack of eating caught the waitresses attention as she passed by stopping to ask if all was ok with the meal. Despite acute embarrassment Emmanuel looked down at the table, his face red, his voice horse and his bladder throbbing. In a half whisper, half beg, with his thighs pressed hard against the wooden seat Emmanuel asked if the waitress could possibly keep an eye on Ben for just a few minutes as he just needed to use the gents.

The waitress looked as embarrassed as Emmanuel felt, looked around to check how busy the restaurant was and then looked at Emmanuel all tensed and flustered and quietly nodded. Emmanuel didn’t wait for anything more as he stood and ran to the gents like his life depended on it. His tall legs and lean body helped him push through the two sets of doors quickly as he ran into the first stall, pulled his trousers and boxer shorts down and sat down on the cold toilet pan willing himself to finally relax. It took over twenty seconds before release came but when it did it was so incredible Emmanuel had tears in his eyes. Then just as Ben did when excited and happy, he giggled like a little child.

He returned to Ben, mouthed a ‘thank you’ to the waitress and after enjoying his lunch and paying, he had an easy bus trip back to Ben’s house where his parents were eager to hear how Ben had been and how Emmanuel had got on on his first day.

Taking the bus to his own house later Emmanuel envied Ben’s use of a catheter and his mind wandered to how else he could support his bladder as he would now be working with Ben four days a week. At least once Ben had the catheter removed he might actually get to a toilet during his shift since surely Ben would have to go too. He’d find out later that week.

*030*2019-08-09 01:11

June: The Audio Typist

Diane had always worked as a typist, first of all doing secretarial work after she left school then for the last 7 years working for the NHS as an audio typist, writing out letters dictated from doctors, specialists and surgeons. Her employer, the health board, were, as always, way behind and when anyone was on holiday work mounted up more than before. It was a never ending job which made for busy days and long hours sat at a computer. However, it was varied and paid well and Diane was good at what she did.

Life hadn’t been kind though to Diane. Her first husband passed away from cancer at just 31 and, though she remarried, her second husband had left her a few years previously and was now engaged to her best friend. Her first child was still born and her second now a single mum struggling in a council flat. Years of hardship, lack of self care, and a sedentary job had resulted in Diane being overweight and addicted to coffee. On an average 8 hour shift Diane consumed at least 4 mugs of coffee and her diet wasn’t always healthy either. Yet her work was of consistent high standard and that was something she was proud of. On her wall at work was a certificate of achievement for efficiency, something Diane was extremely proud of.

Diane arrived at work her cheerful bubbly self. Sandra, her colleague had already arrived and had put the coffee on. Everyone knew Diane needed a coffee before she could start work. Both older ladies were surprised to see their supervisor pop in, as they rarely saw him, but he seemed happy so they took that as a good sign. John helped himself to a coffee as he spoke to the ladies and told them the ‘good news’. Apparently the local children’s mental health team were over three months behind with their client reports and letters so the health board had decided that in order to meet targets the backload of audio type work would be dispatched out to other experienced audio typists within the health board to catch up. John’s team of loyal audio typists, all two of them, had been drafted in to help. John seemed delighted, though Diane and Sandra didn’t exactly share his enthusiasm. It was going to be a very busy day!

Sure enough as the ladies opened their online portals they could each see hundreds of outstanding letters that needed typed. They both sat sipping coffee as they ploughed through their work, firstly doing their usual local doctors surgery results letters that always had priority, then starting on specialists from the local major hospital. Diane had been typing for almost an hour when she felt the first twinge from her bladder. Her morning coffee plus her just finished mug had both made their way through her kidneys and were ready to be let out. It was just a slight niggle though and with a huge backlog of work she ignored her bladder for now but nodded as Sandra pointed to the kettle asking without words if she wanted another coffee. Work was much easier with warm liquid to sip at and by 10:20 Diane had not just another mug of coffee at her desk but a few biscuits too.

Typing was all that could be heard from the room as John looked in at the ladies and smiled. He had confidence in his small team and knew if anyone could help with the backlog they could, provided they weren’t chatting too much or stopping to eat for too long. John wasn’t ever one for working to rule but he was under enormous pressure from NHS executives higher up to meet targets and unfortunately he had no choice but to pass at least some of that pressure on to the two ladies who he had faithfully worked with for many years. Besides John had a huge workload himself to get through as after each letter or report was typed it was his job to proof read and print or email on as per the request from the referrer. He alone had access to the postal frank machine and by the end of the day he had targets to reach too.

With both working silently with their own earphones on so as to be able to hear the audio to type out, and John in another room, no-one could hear the tapping of her foot that Diane was doing, almost subconsciously, as her bladder filled more and more with her third coffee mug now empty. Even though she wasn’t working in an environment where many saw her Diane always dressed as if she was. She had on a calf length flowery light cotton skirt with an elastic waist band with a plain white frilly blouse to match which accentuated her large breasts with its low cut and style. Her bottom more than filled the hard leather seat she sat on and her bare legs and high heeled sandals were crossed beneath the table and stretched out underneath. She had been crossing and uncrossing her stretched out legs for a while now and tapping them on the tiled floor while her body tried to get the attention of her brain and get Diane to stop typing and go to the toilet.

As Diane completed the report she had just been working on from a top neurologist she pressed to send it onto John and pulled out her earphones. Now she had stopped typing she suddenly realised she was really needing to run to the bathroom just along the corridor. She stood and pushed her chair out, her body needing the extra room to get past as she made a conscious effort to clench her kegal muscles and hold her full bladder. Gravity wasn’t helping as, now standing, she could feel the liquid inside her as she lightly rubbed her tummy. Taking breaks had never been an issue with both her and Helen freely being able to drink or go to the bathroom and have a half hour stop for lunch daily. As long as they got through the workload John had always been happy and relaxed so Diane wasn’t expecting to see him in the doorway of his office watching her and heading out to stop her as she approached.

John hated having to be strict but even though both Helen and Diane were hard workers he also knew that with a little extra pressure they could both easily do a few more letters a day. He stopped Diane and asked if all was ok.

‘Yes of course. I’m just going to the ladies and I’ll be right back. Too much coffee and all that.’

‘Listen Diane, I know it’s never been an issue and but I really need you back on your computer right now. I’m not really meant to let you just leave your desk or anything and while I know we have always just ignored the rules but honestly I really need to help get this backlog cleared. Any chance you could wait until lunch? Please?’

Diane was quite taken aback to hear John even request something like this but she could see the stress lines on his forehead and knew he wouldn’t ask unless it was really necessary so she figured she could hang on at least for a little while as she smiled, said ‘ok’, and walked back to her seat. It must be almost lunch time anyway so a few more reports and she’d be fine.

Clicking onto the next pending file Diane was surprised to see the time was just gone 11am. That meant a full hour and a half until lunch which seemed a very long time to hold off going to the loo. She shook her head, adjusted the earphones to hear clearer and started typing up the next letter, shifting in her seat a little as she did so. Thankfully it was a short report on some recent tests from an eye specialist for a patient and by the time she had finished and sent it Diane was feeling a little more confident in her ability to hold her bladder. She thought that provided she stayed distracted with work it should be fine to wait.

As she started the next letter though things changed. As if her body had heard her and was laughing at her it sent more intense signals that she needed to pee. Diane tried not to listen to the tingling, the throbbing and the pushing as she shifted around a bit more and swung her legs a bit. Sandra seemed oblivious as she typed away opposite her so Diane tried to settle as best she could. At times she could almost shut off from the dull throb but other times a sudden urge would push its way through and Diane would have to wriggle her large bottom on the leather seat, bounce a bit and shake or twist her legs and hope the urge would pass.

Two more reports later and she was really struggling. She could barely sit still as her urethra pushed steadily against her large nylon knickers longing to release the liquid in her bladder. She finished the letter she was doing and once again pushed her chair out and pulled her earphones out and walked quickly towards the door and the toilet down the corridor, noticing that Sandra had done the same.

‘Oh are you heading to the toilet Diane? You couldn’t let me go first could you? I’ve been bursting for ages and you’ve already been once. Please?’

‘Oh God you too! I’m so desperate. I never got to go earlier as John stopped me. I so need to wee!’

Neither woman expected to see John stop them both.

‘Ladies what’s up?’

‘We’re just nipping quick to the loo John. We’re both bursting!’

‘It’s only half an hour or so until lunch you two. And I can’t let you both away and no reports coming through. You know we are so behind. Please just this once can you wait until lunch time. I wouldn’t normally ask but I’ve just had my manager on the phone and I promised him we’d reach 50 reports before lunch and another 50 this afternoon. If either of you get to 25 reports before lunch you can go to the toilet then for a break. I am sorry but I really need to do this today. The health board are getting pressure themselves from the government. You two are good. Honestly you’ll manage I’m sure of it.’

Sandra had caught up with Diane in the corridor and she was moving around as John spoke, while Diane herself clenched her muscles tight and moved from foot to foot as discreetly as possible. It was Sandra who responded first.

‘Are you serious? We can’t even pee for two minutes? I’d work much quicker without being desperate to pee you know. This isn’t like you.’

John looked away.

‘I don’t like this any more than you. You don’t want to know the pressure I am getting! Apparently I let you two away with murder and I need to prove I can do this. Maybe try not to have as much coffee eh girls . Just today...’

John trailed off and walked back into his office with his door open. Diane learned against the wall and crossed her legs, the thought of trying to work again this desperate not appealing at all. Unsure what to do she watched as the more confident Sandra carried on to the toilet anyway. Sandra cursed as she found it locked pushing her body against the door to check. She walked into John’s room moaning and as Diane stood in the corridor crossed legged she heard Sandra telling John that if he didn’t unlock the door she would phone the union.

Diane gave herself a brief squeeze as John said something about not being entitled to a break until you had worked six hours so just to try and wait until lunch or get a few more reports done then he would happily let her go.

Sandra sighed loudly and headed back to her computer. Diane followed.

Back in the room both ladies complained and mentioned openly how bursting they were before putting their earphone back in and very reluctantly going back to work. Diane had no idea how many reports Sandra had done but she was sitting at 19 so she either had to do another six reports or hold half an hour, whichever came first. Sitting back on her seat her bladder wasn’t at all happy and another intense spasm hit causing Diane to have to lean forwards and rub her bladder. She had drank way too much coffee and wasn’t in the habit of holding off peeing this long usually. As the spasms eased off slightly she tried to find a comfortable position to try and work. Leaning forward seemed to help slightly and rocking from side to side seemed to too so she did both. Concentrating was more and more difficult and Diane was making careless mistakes. She couldn’t help but look over at Sandra too who was standing up tightly crossed legged trying to type.

Diane couldn’t recall ever being this bursting to pee. The waistband on her skirt felt so tight as she pressed her thighs together in an attempt to hold. She had only managed the address and date details on her current letter and she kept having to replay the recording even for those. She tried sitting right back in the chair and clenching but that only helped for a few seconds. The pressure was constant and she felt if she dared to relax or forget about her need at all she would flood her chair instantly.

Even above her recordings and with her earphones in she could hear Sandra chanting ‘Dear God I need a pee’ as if praying for some divine intervention. Sandra was still standing leaning against the table with one hand and bouncing from foot to foot with the other whist attempting to type one handed. Just at that Diane had a very strong urge and pushed one hand between her legs herself as hard as she could as she felt a few dribbles escape. She hadn’t wanted or planned anyone to hear her as the words escaped from her mind to her mouth.

‘Shit. I’m gonna piss myself if I don’t go to the toilet’

Diane thought she had just thought it so she was shocked to hear Sandra reply

‘Oh me too! Diane I can’t wait. I actually can’t!’

Diane pulled her earphones off as she sat rocking in her leather seat with one hand pushed between her legs.

‘What are we gonna do? I just leaked a bit and I really do think I’m gonna piss myself.’

‘Well I can’t do this anymore. You wait here if you want but I’m going to get that key and I’ll bring it back once I’ve been. John either opens that bathroom or I’ll pee on his office floor. It’s his choice!’

And at that Sandra danced out of the typing room and left Diane alone.

Diane dribbled some more despite wriggling like crazy and pressing her hand between her large upper thighs. Lost in a blur of utter frantic pressure she lifted her bottom off the seat just enough to pull her calf length loose skirt up as much as possible, rolling it up in both hands and trying to move it away from her damp knickers. The large leather chair had solid arms and Diane straddled one as best she could using the cold metal arms to press against her pulsating vagina through her damp pants. It felt good but she still yearned to pee like nothing she had experienced before. She slid back and forth a little enjoying the hard force against her personal area, sweating and shaking against an agonising need to urinate. Diane moaned and rocked as she held the desk hard in front of her riding the arm as fast and hard as she could. She had to piss. She just had too. She couldn’t hold back any longer.

Diane’s heart was beating so fast. The hairs on the back of her neck were standing up, her nipples so tender and hard, her head dizzy, her mouth dry, as with her hands grasping the table in front of her tightly, her legs straddled against the arm of the chair, her forehead resting on the table in front of her, Diane moaned louder than she planned to as first a fast squirt then, without warning, a loud and furious splash filled the room as Diane uncontrollably lost her battle and her mind to all her body had craved for so long.

Diane sat there frozen as warm urine soaked the arm, the sides of the chair, the cushion, the floor and her sandals. Foaming warm urine ran from where she sat towards the window, along the hard tiled floor, as pee continued to empty from her as if she hadn’t peed in weeks. Diane’s nylon underpants squelched with pools of pee as liquid dripped from the soaked gusset and down the sides as Diane’s bladder finally relaxed from two hours of holding.

Embarrassed but delirious Diane walked over to the coffee area as she finally finished peeing and opened a drawer with some old Christmas napkins. Using holly and ivy printed napkins Diane dabbed her legs dry as best she could before wiping the arm of the chair and the leather cushion down. There wasn’t anywhere near enough napkins to clean the huge puddle she had made on the floor so, as if nothing had happened, she hitched her skirt up behind her, and after putting the napkins in the bin she returned to her chair, placed the back of her skirt behind her on the chair and left the front to sit naturally, then as casually as ever she placed her earphones back in and carried on working.

Eventually Sandra returned and placed the key to the toilet beside Diane on the very arm of the chair Diane had just straddled, totally oblivious to what had went on just five minutes earlier.

Sandra quickly returned to typing and it wasn’t until lunch twenty minutes later that she commented that Diane still hadn’t used the toilet. Only then did Diane, very embarrassingly, point to the puddle behind her chair which had run quite a distance in the room.

Sandra laughed, shrugged her shoulders and joked that they ought to keep the key and lock the bathroom so John could see how he felt being unable to go when he got desperate. They both laughed as Diane dropped the key into her handbag and zipped it up.

*033*2019-08-09 22:29

{{1 minute ago, Marco said:

A little unrealistic, other stories have been better, but you're always good at it.

}}

Yes this one was t one of my better ones sorry.

*035*2019-08-09 22:32

{{Just now, Marco said:

I'm sure you'll do better next time.

}}

It’s back to a male one next and already working on it. Trying to keep them varied hence why the last one was less realistic but this next one should be better, I hope.

I appreciate you honest comments and the fact you are reading them greatly. All feedback appreciated.

*037*2019-08-09 22:53

{{16 minutes ago, Marco said:

Have you ever tried to write a story while you were holding your pee?

}}

Every single on of those has been written in that state. As were all the other ones and my long fiction story too. Most of the time I am on here I am bursting.

*039*2019-08-09 23:35

{{Just now, PrincessPeeach said:

I disagree, it’s not ALL about realism lol...I adored Denise’s naughty wet fun, it’s exactly what I’d WANT to do in the situation, but would never have the nerve to lol. I’m very willing to suspend belief for a few moments to live out a lil fantasy. I love all your stories

}}

Thank you. I guess the last one was just a bit different but then we all react to having a bursting bladder differently and perhaps for Diane it actually turns her on and she would have otherwise (had she been real) have perhaps even found this amazing community here.

I appreciate your comments and the fact you read the Stories so much.

*045*2019-08-11 16:14

{{5 hours ago, Despguy123 said:

I don't think that the latest story is unrealistic at all to be honest. I've worked in several places where staff toilets are kept locked to prevent the public from using them and only certain managers have the keys, and I've also worked in places where toilet breaks are strictly limited to set times such as a lunch break. Loads of times I've seen people who needed to pee denied a toilet break by a supervisor and I've also been very desperate myself on a few occasions because I had to wait a long time for a set break time to pee. I remember starting my first job after finishing university and on my first day of the induction week I didn't get to pee all day until about 3pm because I didn't have a security pass to get through into the main office where the toilets were. When I asked the woman running the induction if she could let me through to use the toilets she seemed quite impressed that I'd held on for so long

}}

Your supervisor was right to be impressed. I am too. You must have been incredibly desperate by 3!

*047*2019-08-11 22:02

{{3 hours ago, wannawatch said:

There's a lot of people that don't even know these kind of job-conditions exist ..

I've worked in different jobs and sometimes the 'rule-book that is being used is quite ridiculous !

And yes, I am aware a manager, foreman or chef has to keep his/her people as productive as possible, I do understand that.

But not letting people have a pee when they clearly n e e d it - that can't be good ??

}}

For the purposes of these stories I did some research and according to UK law here you don’t even qualify for a break until you have worked for six hours...that’s a whole lot of holding of bladders in many places. Apparently it does include toilet breaks and then there’s the jobs where there is limited to no access to loos too. I’ve worked a number of jobs where finding or accessing a bathroom wasn’t easy. I may have incorporated some of these in this series and the previous one.

*048*2019-08-12 00:11

July: the undercover surveillance officer

Barry sat in the corner of the council car park fiddling with his sat nav while sipping at his MacDonald’s latte. It was early but he needed to be alert yet inconspicuous. For months he had been researching and gathering information and he couldn’t afford to blow it now. He had a hunch ‘Cammy’ was inside number 10 and he hoped to get photographic evidence to prove it.

Barry, an ex police officer, had gone into detective work to boost his income. Lack of government investment in policing was capping his income beyond what either he or his wife were happy with. She wanted cruises, he wanted more time on the golf course and policing wasn’t providing either. Only two years into undercover surveillance and he had already increased his take home pay by 30%. A combination of inside knowledge from policing, an extensive knowledge of the area, and experience of working under cover made him very popular with his boss. So popular he was given cases and left to it, probing time and time again he could come up with the goods. Most cases were straightforward and needed little more than some good research but others, like the current one, took months of work and evidence gathering.

‘Cammy’ was being watched for more than one reason. Firstly the department of work and pensions suspected him of tax fraud and benefit fraud, the local authority suspected him of falsely claiming council tax benefit and housing benefit and for claiming he had dependent children when they suspected this wasn’t true. He was also suspected of renting properties under a false name and intimidating vulnerable tenants. If Barry’s detective work was right ‘Cammy’ went by three different names and had elaborate webs of lies and deceit. If Barry could prove all this he would be paid handsomely but more importantly he would feel proud of himself for freeing innocent people and saving the tax payers thousands of pounds. If that meant a few early starts and long days then so be it.

There was nothing wrong with Barry’s sat nav but it proved an innocent excuse to be parked up sitting in his car at 5:30am on a Thursday morning in the middle of summer. The sun had already risen and it looked like it was going to be another warm summers day. Barry finished the last of his latte and stuck his sat nav back up on his windscreen then fished out an old newspaper that he pretended to read. Behind it he had a camera ready to catch ‘Cammy’ if he happened to appear. Sure enough around 6:30am the suspect came out from number 10 and Barry took photographs that made sure to show the house number and the suspect clearly. Now to follow as safely as possible.

Barry caught ‘Cammy’ getting into a nearby van and followed him at a safe distance, parking around a corner and managing to take more photographs as the suspect opened the door of an unlocked house a few miles away and walked in. This was the address Barry knew was the registered address where ‘Cameron Lyon’ lived and where he was registered to receive government benefits. According to records he supported three children and a wife here as an unemployed, sick 33 year old. It was Barry’s job to find out and prove if any of this was in fact true.

With schools and nurseries not yet finished for summer Barry waited patiently to see wether anyone would leave the property with children. It was a long wait and Barry snacked on a breakfast bar and had some water from a bottle in his car while he waited. If he drove away he risked losing vital evidence so he settled down and waited it out. He didn’t need any obvious distractions as he was parked in a residential area near shops, a school and a community centre so seeing people sitting in cars wasn’t out of place to any suspicious passerby.

It was two hours later before anyone else left the house and Barry was relieved to see a female leave with two children, though three should have been living there. Barry snapped them as discretely as possible as he only needed proof the children existed as they were innocent. One child was in a buggy with the other looking around 4 and Barry watched as the woman walked both children in the direction of a nearby nursery. He didn’t follow as he was much more interested in ‘Cammy’ but moving around in the car a bit gave him a bit of a desire to use a bathroom though nothing that was urgent in any way. He sipped on some more water as the morning sun shone in the windows and pressed his car windows down for air. He was shocked and taken aback to see ‘Cammy’ exit the property soon after with a slightly older girl with him as Barry snapped photo after photo. The three children, at least, seemed genuine.

Barry decided to get out of his car, suspecting ‘Cammy’ might be walking the child up a nearby lane to a primary school as Barry recognised the uniform. He was right and this time Barry used his mobile to snap a few pictures, pleased with himself when he caught Barry kneeling down and kissing the child briefly. That, Barry concluded, was evidence of a close familiarity and most likely a sign of parentage. No sooner had the child went through the school gate when Cammy took a call on his mobile. Barry risked walking past pressing record on his phone and pretending to watch and wave to a child in the playground. With his phone in his pocket he switched off record and headed back to his car. Adrenaline pumped through him as he had almost touched the suspect under surveillance which made him realise a bit more that he could really do with a loo break. One of the few things he missed from his police service days was access to a bathroom.

Barry took photos of the suspect walking back into his property then leaving again less than half an hour later, this time dressed smarter, clean shaven and with a smart case in his hand. Barry forgot all about his need to pee as he followed the suspect’s van to a town a few miles away where he knocked on a door, waited for a young Asian girl to answer then went inside. A quick review of records showed that this property was also in receipt of benefits and had been listed on a national housing site for private rent less than six months previously.

Land registration documents showed it was owned by a Craig Leon and this was one of the aliases Barry suspected ‘Cammy’ was using. While he kept one eye on the house in question it suddenly occurred to Barry that the female with the two children hadn’t returned to the first property so while he waited he did a few checks on her and he began to suspect she may also be working and not declaring. It seemed the web of deceit didn’t end with ‘Cammy’ alone. Meanwhile though his need to pee was a little distracting, though manageable, and the sun was once again making the car hot and sweaty so Barry was finding himself very thirsty. It was now almost 10am and he longed for another coffee. For now he would have to make do with water.

Just as Barry was finishing his bottle of water he was caught out with the suspect leaving the property, though interestingly he left alone and there was no-one came to the door to see him out. That, Barry though, was most unusual, though on it’s own proved very little. Once again Barry followed at a safe distance and with one car between him and the suspect’s van Barry found himself in the queue for Starbucks drive through before he realised it.

With no means to leave the queue Barry was placed in a position where he could either make some excuse and drive through, making others suspicious of his actions, or carry on and order something readily available so as not to allow the suspect to get out of sight. Barry quickly opted for the latter and ordered a plain black coffee. Luckily the suspect had parked up in the retail park and Barry did the same a safe distance from him. He snapped a few pictures before sipping his coffee, grateful for the sustenance since he had no idea if he would get any meals for a while yet. He wished he could run in and use the gents quickly but the thought of losing the suspect was too risky so Barry tried not to think about his bladder and concentrated on the job.

Barry was getting increasingly nervous as his mobile phon rang. Family and friends knew not to call him in working hours so he assumed it was work related. It was. It was a contact at the department for work and pensions confirming that Cameron Lyons had called the number on a recent letter and confirmed he would attend an interview at the job centre at 2pm today for an ‘annual check to see what we can do to assist you back to work.’. Such checks were common and ‘Cammy’ had been warned by letter that his benefits would be stopped should he not attend. For the first time that day Barry actually knew here his suspect would be at a certain time. Barry knew that his suspect would be at least half an hour in this ‘interview’ and Barry immediately decided he would use that time to find somewhere quick to pee. He just needed to be able to wait until then, which was, unfortunately, still over three hours away.

Ten minutes later the van moved again and so did Barry. This time the van pulled into a local supermarket and Barry took photos as the suspect walked in and back out again 20 minutes later with several bags of groceries including alcohol. Barry bounced his leg as the suspect placed the bags in his van as he thought how close he was to toilets yet unable to go, his need much more distracting now than before. 2pm felt like an eternity away as Barry once again followed the van, though with a few cars between them this time to prevent being spotted.

The van parked at the property with the children again and the suspect went inside. Barry parked nearby and noted everything so far, squeezing his thighs as his bladder protested at still having to hold. It wasn’t even 11am and Barry had been out the house since before 5, 6 hours since his last piss. The more he thought about that the greater he felt the need to go. With members of the public walking past ,and in broad daylight, Barry struggled behind the wheel of his car to get comfortable. His bladder was very full and the desire to pee strong and consistent making him fidget, squirm and sweat.

It was a very long and restless wait for the 40 minutes until Barry saw ‘Cammy’ again, though this time he appeared leaving the property dressed in a different smart shirt and suit trousers. He had no brief case this time and though dressed smartly he seemed more casual than before and while taking more snaps Barry was caught by surprise when ‘Cammy’ didn’t get into his white van but instead walked down the stress a short way and unlocked and got into a much posher and more expensive Audi. Barry quickly started his engine and set about following, quickly having to squeeze his penis as his body once again reminded him he should be pursuing a bathroom not a suspect.

Despite repeated signals from his bladder Barry somehow managed to follow the Audi as it parked into a posh restaurant and he watched and snapped photos as ‘Cammy’ embraced a young lady and walked hand in hand into the restaurant with her. Thinking ahead Barry called the number of the restaurant (it was on the sign at the front) and stated that he was just coming in with his girlfriend and could he have a seat by the front window so they could enjoy the sunlight Barry smiled when he saw Cammy being lead to a window seat with the female with him which enabled him to get some more clear shots.

While the couple ate Barry did some more research and discovered that this female was the one who ‘Cammy’ had spent the night with at number 10. That was about all Barry could focus on as his need to piss became more and more intense. He was using his phone with one hand while having to hold himself with the other. He seriously thought about heading inside the restaurant and asking to use their bathroom but he couldn’t risk being so close to his suspect again and he also couldn’t risk the restaurant staff being suspicious of him. But Barry was seriously struggling and fearing if he didn’t do something soon he may have a major accident.

Barry was in trouble and he knew it. His bladder was overtaking his mind and sweat poured from his back. He was fidgeting and squirming so badly and rubbing himself to prevent any leakage. He could feel so much pressure on his muscles that he knew they would give in and even his penis ached with the need to go. Glancing at the couple in the restaurant Barry wondered if he could take the chance to find a supermarket and use their gents or even a local library. He looked around the street he was in frantically as he held himself tightly between his legs. He was undignified, acting unprofessionally and feeling very annoyed at his body but he had been holding for so long now and he was absolutely bursting for a loo.

Just as he was thinking of what to do he discreetly looked over at the restaurant to see both of the suspects drinking. That was the last straw for Barry as he pulled the newspaper up over his steering wheel and felt for his fly and unzipped. Without looking down he felt for his earlier coffee cup from Starbucks and quickly pulled his member from his trousers and underwear and aimed it one handedly into the cup. Immediately urine came out and Barry used a finger to gauge as best as he could without looking as to when it was full. It took a huge amount of effort to pinch off as Barry so longed to completely relax but he hoped having released some that the pressure would ease.

He pulled the cup of frothy warm liquid and carefully put the lid on before having to suddenly grab himself again as his body yearned to release more. Barry had hoped to push his penis back inside his trousers but another spasm caused some drops to leak out despite his hand pinching his penis closed. Barry frantically reached around for the other coffee cup, the one h had drank hours ago before sunrise from MacDonalds and he repeated his earlier act of pretending to read the paper while underneath it, under the steering wheel his penis was pouring warm pee into yet another coffee cup. 

Barry was almost in tears as urine once again seeped out of his body, this time even faster and within seconds the second coffee cup was filled. Still not anywhere near fully relieved but at least able to tuck himself back in Barry finished and zipped up and put the second filled mug in his car cup holder. He felt a little better but still keen to find a toilet to finish off. At least for right now he was a little less in danger of soaking himself.

Barry was able to wait out for the 90 minutes the couple ate, using the rime to take notes, a few more photos and to text his wife to say he would be home for around 5 all being well. He also managed to eat an apple and a chocolate bar which he had lacked to bring with him. The restaurant smelled and looks so much more appetising but going in wasn’t an option.

By the time the couple left and ‘Cammy’ got back into the Audi Barry had drank another bottle of water and he was bursting again! The Audi returned to the address with the children and the suspect went in and came back out 10 minutes later dressed in old jeans, a high street t-shirt and scruffy hair. Barry shook his head as he took yet more pics and followed as the suspect actually caught a bus presumably to his interview at the job centre. Barry cursed as the bus stopped at every stop as he found himself once again having to hold himself between his legs and rock as he muttered to himself how bad he had to pee.

Finally ‘Cammy’ got out the bus and unusually looked around as if he had a sense he was being followed. Barry had planned to pull in nearer to the front door but with the suspect looking around he indicated to a side street and pulled in out of vision. In order to catch if the suspect went inside Barry was forced to get out of his car. He hadn’t been out his car for hours and his legs were glad to stand though the minute Barry had both feet on the ground his penis leaked as it urgently sought attention. Barry his around the corner and managed to get a quick snap on his mobile as the suspect went inside stepping from foot to foot quickly as he did so.

Barry wasn’t supposed to go into the job centre. Despite it being a public building he was meant to keep a professional distance from any suspect and data protection meant he had to rely on information from his contact inside as to what happened in the interview. But Barry urgently needed in to use the gents. He hoped his contact hadn’t started the interview as he quickly dialled their number, standing crossed legged against the side of the building trying to not piss himself. His contact answered quickly and Barry said who it was and said he was outside but seriously in need of a toilet and asked if there was any way he could somehow come in and use it without the suspect knowing. A plan was very quickly hatched and Barry fumbled his way inside and asked for Brain Wright and stated he was a Mr Grey with an appointment. It was all Barry could do to stay professional and still and he had to clench his muscles so tightly it hurt.

Passing his suspect seated right beside him Barry discussed straight ahead as his contact lead him through a door and into a corridor with toilets.

‘I owe you one mate. I am so bursting for this!’

Barry peed the most satisfying and relieving piss he could ever remember, his entire body finally able to relax from so much tension. He stood at the urinal and sighed at the sheer relief after holding for so long.

Whatever the suspect said in his interview Barry had never been so glad to be away from him long enough to piss. ‘Cammy’ might have plenty to hide he thought, but so had he. He had better get back to his car and dispose of those coffee cups before his wife found them. Maybe everyone had their secrets in life even if they weren’t as dishonest as his suspect was.

