[Mass Effect] Miranda's Issue

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2018-02-15 08:11

Miranda Lawson was a well-respected member of the Normandy's crew. Her work had earned her the respect of even those on board the Normandy who didn't trust Cerberus, the organization of which she worked for. Everybody aboard the ship knew her importance, and she liked it that way. She was essentially Commander Shepard's second-in-command, his right hand. With this strong position came her cocky attitude. Lawson was a know-it-all, a gorgeous know-it-all. She knew that her father had designed her to be the gold standard of physical fitness and beauty, and she showed it off every chance she got.

Her skin tight white and black suit trimmed every curve her body had. She had caught everybody on the ship looking at least once, even the shy quarian Tali. Although this was a great confidence booster, there did exist some members of the crew that she wished would just leaver her alone, that being Jack, the basement dweller. Jack took every chance she got to rag on Miranda for her affiliation with Cerberus, often calling her the "Cerberus Cheerleader." She despised it. The look on her face whenever Jack uttered those words gave that away, and that only fed Jack's love to piss her off.

Although seemingly flawless, nobody is perfect, and Miranda was not either. Her single weakness? A small bladder. By now, Miranda had learned her lesson from drinking water prior to missions, as the water usually ended up in her skintight suit if the mission dragged on too long. Miranda would frequently parch herself before missions to avoid accidents in front of the team and Commander Shepard. She wouldn't be able to look herself in the mirror had she humiliated herself in front of him like that.

With the newfound threat of the Collectors, missions were frequent and sporadic, so this occasionally lead to very awkward situations, but so far Miranda had not let her embarrassing secret come into the light, and she prayed it never would. The only person with a slight incline of knowledge would be her partner, Jacob. They had worked together so long that they practically knew everything about each other, but if Jacob ever let her secret slip, she'd probably throw him out the airlock of the Normandy.

Today was routine for Miranda. No immediate missions, just basic ship work, maybe a check-up with her boss, the Illusive Man. The downtime was well needed, the team was just starting to form up. This allowed Miranda for once in weeks to not worry about her bladder issue. Her office wasn't terribly far from the bathrooms on the ship, which she was extremely thankful for. She couldn't imagine being trapped in that deathly slow elevator while she had to pee, she'd probably go crazy. Every now and then, she'd see a couple of her shipmates dart from the opening elevator doors to the bathroom, and she'd only laugh. Luckily, she didn't believe in karma.

Lawson sat in her office reading dossiers to forward to the Commander. It wasn't exciting work, but the team could always use more hands dealing with what they were up against. She was sipping on fruit juice she had found in the mess hall, which really wasn't all that good, but did the trick. As she overlooked the dossiers, the sliding door to her officer opened, and Commander Shepard welcomed himself in.

"Do you have a minute, Miranda?" The commander said as the door closed behind him.

"Of course, what can I help you with, Commander?" Miranda said back, finishing off her drink.

"Jack approached me about assisting her.. blowing up the center she was raised in. The one on Pragia," the Shepard said, looking at Miranda's surprised reaction.

"And you want me to tag along?" Miranda asked ever so sarcastically.

"Your biotic powers will come in handy if we run into any resistance. Plus, I need someone I can trust to keep Jack in line," Shepard said, trying not to admire Miranda too much.

"Alright, commander, I'll tag along," Miranda said back, thinking about how fun it'd be to order Jack in the field, especially since that seemed to be what Shepard wanted.

"We're prepped to leave soon, just readying the bomb now, meet in the hangar in twenty," the Commander said as he exited Miranda's office.

Miranda eyed her empty glass, instantly regretting her decision to say yes. Immediately, she began to think to herself.

Well, we're only going there to blow the place up. In and out, I can't see that taking a long time.

###

This is my first ever story! Tell me if you guys like it and if I should continue! Thanks!

*005*2018-02-16 00:05

Thanks for the great feedback guys! Working on part two now. I kind of want some recommendations though, should I draw out the desperation for a while? And would you guys want Miranda to have an accident?

*009*2018-02-16 05:12

The Kodiak shuttle bounced and shifted as the team descended to the planet below. It had been a half hour since Miranda had the thought that she could wait, and she was already eating her words. The turbulence caused her bladder more discomfort than she could've imagined. She bounced her legs around as she sat in the shuttle, which was completely quiet. Jack sat across from her, fixated on the idea of blowing this base to hell, which Miranda was very thankful for, simply for the reason that she did not want Jack of all people to see her in any form of discomfort.

Shepard was looking at his datapad, most likely too focused on the mission as always. Surely Miranda had some work to do before they got to the surface, but her focus was completely on her bladder. She completely planned out how she would excuse herself from Jack and Shepard to relieve herself; the ship needed someone to guard it, right? There was hardly a fraction of a chance that the abandoned lab had anything more than a few varren and insects roaming around. She was so close to pure bliss.

Before she could finish her thought, EDI chimed in over the comms, "Shepard, I am picking up thermal signatures everywhere, except at your landing zone."

Miranda's face quickly went blank. This meant she had to go with them.

"Something's distorting the sensors," Shepard replied.

Attempting to mask her desperation, Miranda said "This was a secret Cerberus facility," right before a slight wave of desperation hit her, causing her to press her thighs together tightly. She completely blanked on whatever Shepard and Jack were discussing, there was more pressing matters.

The ship entered the lower atmosphere, and quickly Miranda recognized the sound of rain hitting the shuttle. She sighed quietly to herself, wondering how this could possibly get ANY worse. The Kodiak reached the landing pad quickly enough, and the squad exited, readying their weapons for any immediate resistance. Miranda held both hands shakily on her pistol as she looked around, feeling the wetness of the rain drip on her face. It was cold, wet and absolute torture. The squad moved quickly indoors, but the awful sound of rain hitting windows made Miranda flinch with every step. Miranda had only truly known Shepard for a couple weeks, but during that short time, she had learned he was somebody who took his sweet time scouting out every location they went to. It usually wasn't a bothersome trait of his, but today she couldn't stand it, watching him roam around the room and talk with Jack. She was only going on about how badly Cerberus treated her, as if she was important or something.

Finally the group had made it through the lobby-like room as Shepard opened the door, allowing Miranda and Jack through first. Immediately, a large drop of condensation fell from the cracked and overgrown roof onto her neck. She felt goosebumps go up her arms as she struggled to maintain control without grabbing her crotch or squeezing her thighs. She would NOT give Jack of all people the satisfaction of watching her squirm, as long as Jack wasn't distracted. She regained her stance, and proceeded down the staircase, looking up to avoid more water drips hitting her sensitive areas. As they all made their way down, one of the security terminals began repeating a message, which took Miranda off guard - just enough to leak in her panties. Given any other circumstance, Miranda would've squealed and drove her hands to her crotch, but she could not. Her pride was at risk here, and if she decimated her pride to Jack, the entire ship would know in a matter of minutes.

The squad continued their trek through the abandoned building, often running into deadly, wild varren seeking to sink their teeth into anything still living. They passed by many landmarks that Jack recalled from her childhood, which she would tell stories about, as if she wanted the sympathy of the Shepard and an apology from Miranda. They had passed by a couple blood stains which Jack elaborated on, and for a split second, Miranda caught herself feeling slightly bad for the tortured soul - but again, only for a split second.

As they entered another hallway with Jack leading the way, the dripping from the roof turned to miniature waterfalls. Miranda could feel her willpower slowly deterring, she knew she needed to find a bathroom quickly, but the squad showed absolutely no sign of slowing down. It was completely out of Miranda's character to ask Commander Shepard, THE Commander Shepard, for a potty break. She knew she had to suck it up, or find a reason for the squad to break up, and if it wasn't the latter, she knew she would not make it back to the ship dry.

*014*2018-02-16 22:44

Hey guys! Thanks for the superb feedback, I'm working on chapter 3! I was also thinking about taking commissions! This is absolutely free, I don't have any interest in attempting to charge for fanfic. Feel free to tell me what who'd you like to read about being desperate!

On a side note, if there's any artists reading who'd be interested in doing some art for the story, that'd be fantastic!

*016*2018-02-17 12:04

Miranda was completely caught by surprise. The feeling of weakness intensified in her as she realized the probability of making it to the ship without wetting herself was steadily decreasing. She knew the feeling, but she wasn't very familiar with it, and she could not stand the fact that the lab-experiment-gone-wrong was here to possibly witness it. The squad had finally moved down a hallway with no roof leakage, which honestly may of been the saving grace for Miranda - that was until they spotted a freshly killed varren.

"This place is supposed to be empty. Who the fuck shot that varren? It's a fresh kill!" Jack exclaimed to the squad, causing Miranda more concern than before. She knew she could not hold up in combat in her current state.

Shepard and the rest of the squad quieted down as they turned the corner, and immediately met gunfire. It was Blood Pack. The damned mercenary group had held up in the base, for whatever reason evaded Miranda. All three members of the squad dodged for the closest cover as they met gunfire from the various aliens across the wide room. Shepard shot back, and so did Jack, but Miranda crouched there for a moment, completely blanked. She held her pistol, but the idea of sudden jolts upwards from the cover could easily translate to another leak in her white suit. She looked down, luckily no noticeable wet spot.

Shepard looked over to Miranda, almost as if to say 'Why the fuck aren't you shooting them' without actually saying it. Miranda took a deep breathe and quickly raised, firing her pistol and killing two of the vorcha mercenaries. She quickly darted back down, immediately shoving a hand into her crotch. She slowly removed it after a couple seconds, and to her horror, her suit had grown damp. The surprise and instant humiliation almost made her note realize that Jack had stopped firing and was now looking at her. The look on Jack's face was a combined mix of disgusted, shock and laughter. Miranda looked down again, then jumped back up, shooting and killing the sniper on the upper level of the room. Meanwhile, Shepard had dealt with the krogan upclose and personal. Jack inched a bit close to Miranda, still obviously struggling to contain her laughter.

"The Cerberus cheerleader needs to go, I'm guessing?" Joked Jack as she eyeballed the small damp patch on Miranda's suit. As much as Miranda wanted to tell her to fuck off, in that moment of weakness, Miranda's fragility came into play as her ego went out the door.

"I-I'm sorry," Miranda muttered.

"You should apologize to your suit, not me," Jack laughed as she stood, walking towards Shepard who had just finished off the krogan.

Miranda's face went fully red. Jack just witnessed her piss, even if it was a little bit, in her pants. She felt destroyed. Humiliated. She wanted to cry. She wanted to shove Jack out of the airlock, and directly into the sun. Miranda finally got a hold of herself and proceeded towards Shepard and Jack. This was going to be a painfully long mission.

