Desperation Amy in in line

Author: MorenJy

*000*2023-09-19 18:53

Preface:This story is based on one video called Bursting in a Line

%https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/6151-bursting-in-a-line?do=embed" 

- where the main character's name is Amy. This is the first time, so don't judge strictly. History does not seek to offend anyone, humiliate and so on. It is also not plagiarism or theft of property.

###

Amy is a beautiful 27–year-old girl with long black hair below the waist of an average height for a girl, with rather large breasts and a beautiful, neat and elastic ass! She is quite successful in her life: she has a good job, a good real estate, and more recently, a guy named Gene appeared. He was a tall, strong, brown-eyed brown-haired man with a wonderful sense of humor, good income and great care towards Amy. They had a lot in common! For example, they both love rock music. They met not so long ago, but they already love each other very much. Although ... the incident that occurred in this story was a test of their relationship for understanding and strength. After all, in fact it can happen to anyone, but it also shows the reaction of your soulmate to it.

This happened when Amy and Jean had been dating for 5 months. In general, this kind of story has already happened to Amy several times, which ruined her personal life or put her in an extremely awkward position, but then the story took a different path .....

It was Friday and the end of the working day. Amy had just left the office: she had a very successful working day today: all the documents were prepared and handed over to the management, for which she was praised and she was promised a good bonus. She was generally in good standing with her superiors and always took her duties seriously. However, she was also one of those people who took rest seriously.

Amy, dressed in a white blouse, pencil skirt, beautiful jacket, cute shoes and holding her purse gracefully, went outside. Her gorgeous hair was tied up in a bun. She went to the bus stop with a smile to get on her five o'clock bus and go home. Clicking her heels, she approached the bus stop, since it was next to her office. There were few people at the bus stop, which made her very happy: although she uses public transport, she does not like it when there is a lot of crowding. And then, at exactly 17:00, her bus pulled up. To Amy's delight, it was almost empty and even with people coming in, it wasn't particularly full. The girl went to an empty seat and sat down. The bus started moving. Amy sat looking out the window and looking forward to a wonderful weekend with Gene! Suddenly her phone rang. Amy reached into her purse and quickly took it out, since it always lies in the right place. The name of Gene appeared on the smartphone screen!

Amy answered him with a smile.

- Yes, dear? - Amy almost sang to him

- Hello, my sweet! – Gene answered her in a brutal voice – How are you?

- It's all right, Kitty! – the girl said – I'm done with work and I'm going home! I'll be home by 17:30.

- Great, Amy! – said her boyfriend –I'm waiting for you at the door of your apartment. I have a surprise for you!

- Yes? – Amy was delighted - And what a surprise?

- Honey, if I tell you, it will cease to be a surprise! – Gene answered her in a sweet voice – But I'll say this: you really like it and you've been dreaming about it for a long time.

- Oh, Gene! – Amy giggled – You intrigued me! I'll be there soon! I kiss you, sweet!

- And I love you, my beloved! - Gene said into the phone.

They ended the conversation and Amy hid the phone! Now she had the motivation to get home faster. Fortunately for her, the bus was going fast enough without breaking the rules and all the traffic lights he came across were already green, without requiring a stop and waiting. Amy felt that the day was definitely shaping up in her favor!

The bus stopped and Amy got off at her stop. And right behind it is a series of 5-storey buildings with quite decent apartments, one of which on the fifth floor was successfully bought by Amy a couple of years ago, having made excellent repairs there. The girl walked behind the bus stop and went to her entrance. Opening it, she entered the entrance and went on foot to the fifth floor. Although there was an elevator here, Amy didn't use it–just walking helps her keep in shape. She knew that many people in the office and on the street look at her slender figure, rather big breasts and elastic, neat, bulging ass, especially when Amy wears very tight pants. She loves tight pants that accentuate her ass!

When she got to the top floor, she saw a smiling Gene with a bouquet of flowers!

- Hi, honey!- Gene said with a smile, holding the bouquet

- Gene! - Amy shouted and hugged him tightly. – My Sweet Boy!

When they hugged and kissed sweetly, Amy opened the door with a key. It was a nice spacious one-bedroom apartment with a good repair, decent furniture and household appliances.

- Dear, so what's the surprise there? - Amy asked with some impatience.

- OOOH, now you're going to scream with happiness - Gene spoke with a smile, putting his hand into the inner pocket of his leather jacket. – Ready? One. Two. Three!

With a deft movement, Jin took out of his jacket pocket....two tickets to the concert of her favorite band! Oh, my God! Amy has been dreaming about this for the last year! And Gene loved this band: its aggressive metal style, beautiful lyrics and the fact that they often donated money to charity!

- Gene! My How did you guess?! – the joyful girl squealed and hugged the guy tightly.

- I've known about your wish for a long time.. – a satisfied Gene replied with a smile – The start is in an hour and a half.

- Yes?! – Amy answered shocked at first, but then immediately calmed down – Don't worry, baby! I'll be ready quickly! I just bought one set of clothes for this case! I'm coming now! Wait for me!

The satisfied girl kicked off her shoes and ran to her room, closing the door. Gene waited. He himself was ready for a rock concert: a black T-shirt with a skull, a leather jacket, black jeans and high leather shoes.

- I wonder what outfit Amy will wear? – thought Gene....

15 minutes later.....

- I'm ready, Sweet boy! Amy's voice rang out, and then the door to her bedroom opened and Amy came out.

Gene was amazed with a smile at her... sexy outfit: she was wearing a black turtleneck, a gray sweater cut off to the chest, cute shoes, but the most beautiful thing was silver lycra disco jeans that hugged her flat stomach, elastic ass and slender legs. Her hair was pulled into a ponytail that reached her buttocks, and she had light makeup on her face.

- Amy ... - replied the amazed Gene – You look sexy!

- I'm glad you liked it, dear! - Amy replied with a flirtatious smile and turned her back to him, sticking out her pants–clad ass

- Oh, don't turn me on! – Gene answered, without taking his eyes off her juicy ass –Otherwise we may not go to any concert!

- It will be after the concert, hee-hee –Amy giggled, and then took her little purse and the guy's hand –Let's go?

- Of course! – Gene answered with alacrity.

After leaving the apartment, and then from the entrance, they got into a Gin car brand "Dodge Challenger r /t 1970" and went to a concert that will soon begin in one of the major parks of the city.

Three hours later....

When they arrived, the concert had almost started, but fortunately they managed to quickly find a place and pass the queue, as well as take their seats. Inside, in addition to the big stage, there were many different cafes, restrooms and tents selling rock paraphernalia! The concert was just fine: the band sang songs, shook their heads, started the crowd. Gene and Amy did not sit in their seats, but jumped like devils to the music, as did the audience, fans and just lovers of good music! It was amazing: the sounds of metal, guitar trills, drums, the soloist's voice, lyrics, the flame from pyrotechnics – everything was fine! The band sang more than 20 songs in an hour and a half, and then announced an hour break to continue later!

People began to disperse to smoke, eat, go to the bathroom or just get some fresh air.

Gene turned to Amy.

- You hungry, honey ? Gene asked his girlfriend.

- Honestly? Very! – Amy replied – Let's go somewhere for a snack!

They left the concert area and went to the food stalls, where they sold very tasty food. Choosing one of them, where everything was very decent, they took a table, reading the menu. As a result, Gene took himself a cheeseburger, a large portion of French fries and a Pepsi drink. Amy decided to take a lot of diet Coke as she was thirsty and also French fries, but a small portion. But she haven't decided on the main one yet, saying that she might take it later. When they sat down, they began to eat and flirt with each other. Gene ate a little faster than Amy and got through the meal pretty quickly. However, his phone suddenly rang.

- Oh, who else there? – the guy said grumpily, taking out his phone – My mom. Is for ten minutes! Can you wait, honey?

- Of course, my love,- Amy replied. - Family is sacred! And maybe I'll order something else.

Gene kissed her on the cheek and walked away, answering the call. Amy began to look around, wondering what to order. Suddenly she saw an ad near the cash register that read:

"Today's dish of the day is fresh, juicy, spicy and wonderful burritos! A large burrito is only $6, a medium one is $4, and a small one is $3. And also a special offer: 2 small burritos for just $5! Amy's mouth watered: Mexican food is amazing! Gene is unlikely to have something to eat after a large portion of fries and a cheeseburger! But she is still very hungry! Why not take two at once? If something suddenly gets hard, she will wash it all down with diet Coke! Amy got up and walked resolutely to the cash register.

After 5 minutes, she has already returned to the place with two small, hot and fragrant burritos. Sitting down at her table, she began to eat them, washing down with a large amount of diet Coke. Oh, that was wonderful: it's juicy meat, hot sauce, vegetables and cheese! And the cold cola did not let her throat boil from the sharpness of this food! It was so delicious that Amy didn't notice how she ate everything and drank all the cola! Like a decent girl, she took all these disposable dishes, bottles and threw them in the trash. When she sat down again, Gene returned.

- Well, here I am! – said the guy – Well, how are you, dear?

- Great! – Amy replied – I've already eaten and I'm ready to dance at stage again!

- And so me! – Gene answered with a smile – Fortunately, I still managed to go to the toilet! Well, shall we go? The musicians are about to start again!

- Of course! - Amy smiled, snuggling up with the guy.

They went to the concert area again! Now the band was playing calmer, but melodious songs, so everyone was sitting in their seats and enjoying this spectacle with smiles! So it took about half an hour. Amy sat with a smile, enjoying the concert and the company of her boyfriend. However, suddenly she felt a heaviness in her lower abdomen. Listening to the sensations, she realized that her bladder was quite full and required emptying.

- Oh, it's such a bad time. – Amy thought – Okay, the band will finish the performance soon, so i can be patient.

Crossing her legs, she continued to watch the band perform.

The tension and the need to go pee gradually increased. Amy tried not to pay attention, crossing her legs and watching the performance.

Ten minutes later....

It became harder to endure. Amy wanted to pee quite badly already. The band was already singing the last song. Amy was already thinking how the concert was about to end and she would go to the bathroom to relieve herself. When suddenly her belly suddenly rolling. Amy automatically put her hand on her belly, feeling its swelling due to a full bladder and excitement due to an upset stomach.

- Damn it! - Amy thought–Not that!

Now she also needs to go poop! The band was already finishing song the last tunes. Amy leaned over to Gene to tell him something.

- Um... Gene. - Amy said, gently pushing him.

- Yes, dear? - Gene asked.

"I... need to go to the bathroom!" -said Amy , blushing a little. – Urgent!

- Yes? – Gene replied – Then run!

- I'll do everything quickly and come back! - Amy said.

Kissing the guy on the cheek, she took her purse, crossed her legs lightly, feeling how they rub against each other in these tight pants and went to the exit. No one paid any attention to her, which was just to Amy's advantage. After leaving the concert area, she went to the bathrooms. They were scattered around the park quite far from each other and were common.

Amy needed the bathroom one, and preferably as soon as possible. And here is the building with them! Entering there…Amy was horrified: there was a very long queue! But there was no choice. The girl crossed her legs tighter and began to wait, suffering a strong need in front and behind!

Five minutes later .....

The band had already finished their performance and left the stage after applause. Everyone started to disperse: who goes to the toilet, who goes to his car to go home, and so on. Gene noticed that Amy didn't come back for a long time and the guy decided to go look for her. He was walking down the street, looking around. And he saw bathrooms not so far from the concert area. So Amy must be there. The guy adjusted the collar of his leather jacket and went there.

When he got inside, he saw a very long queue. At the end of that line was Amy. Gene quietly came closer: the girl was standing, shifting from one foot to the other, tightly crossing them at the same time. She stuck out her ass, squeezing her buttocks with her palm, which then moved between her legs or on her stomach. The sight is quite... exciting! He stood there for about a minute until Amy turned around and noticed him.

- Oh! – the girl exclaimed – I didn't see you behind my back.

"Nothing, dear. – Gene replied – I recently approached.

- "Oh, Gene, are there other bathrooms in this place?" Amy asked, putting her hands on her belt.

- Oh, yeah. – the guy answered

- "Gene, where are they?" - Amy asked again

- One at the parking lot, the other in the opposite direction from the concert area. Jin replied, remembering their location.

- "Oh, shit, it's really too far!" - Amy replied with annoyance

- "Oh, has anyone come out yet?" -Gene asked.

- I don't know. – The girl shrugged her shoulders, – This queue has not moved for so long.

Then they fell silent. The queue really didn't move. Amy shifted from one foot to the other, feeling a heaviness in her bladder and in her stomach. Gene noticed that her legs were even shaking a little.

- You want to go to the toilet pretty badly. Jin remarked. – Probably ate a lot.

- Yes, it should have made me feel bad! - Amy replied - "I know I drank a lot of diet Coke.

They both giggled. Amy pulled the waistband of her trousers a little higher to relieve herself.

- Is there already a vacant place? -Gene asked.

- I don't know! – Amy replied – I'm already waiting here.... almost five minutes!

Amy turned her back on him, enduring the need and squeezing her buttocks. Her stomach started to worry a little. Suddenly, a short, but loud enough fart came from her ass.

- Oh! - Amy exclaimed, blushing and covering her ass with her palm. – Oh, hmm.... excuse me. So sorry you heard that.

- It's okay, honey! – Gene replied with a smile – This can happen to anyone.

Amy let out a sigh of relief and turned to the guy. Her belly began to boil and twist slightly again. Amy already regretted that she had tried Mexican food – her stomach was rolling not weakly because of it things

- "Oh, my God,"- Amy said, holding her belly - "I wasted money on these burritos!

- Oh, have you tried them? -Gene asked, not remembering Amy ordering them.

Yeah – Amy replied, stroking her belly - They were really good, but I think they made my stomach rolling fast!

And she giggled. Gene had a little idea what was going on inside her stomach.

Amy continued to endure, placing her palms on her belly. Gene saw her condition, and also saw the whole huge queue, because of which the girl could not get into the bathroom. He looked at his beloved with sympathy.

- Yes, dear. – Amy nodded, agreeing with his look – I kind of need to go already.

She blushed, stroking her belly

- This is so embarrassing! Amy said out loud, and then looked at Gene –So sorry that you have to see all this!

- "It's okay, honey. - Gene replied, taking out his smartphone. – You can handle it.

- I know. - Amy said with a smile.

She continued to endure, standing still.

- Oh, Honey, - said Gene, looking at the phone, –An application has recently appeared that informs you about the length of the queue to the bathroom. I'll keep you posted.

- All right. - Amy replied, giggling and stroking her body and thighs.

She put her hands on her belt, bringing her legs together more tightly.

- Phew! Amy gasped, stroking her stomach, which had begun to rumble.- Oh, Jesus.

Suddenly, a loud and prolonged fart burst out with an unpleasant smell.

- Oh - the girl squeaked, tucking her knees and covering her crotch – Excuse me!

And she smiled guiltily.

- Ugh, yes. - Gene replied with a smile, waving away the disgusting smell.

- It's not very ladylike of me.- Amy remarked self–critically.

- I know. - Gene replied.

The guy tried to translate the topic so that Amy would not think about her desperate desire to go to the bathroom.

- It was great today, wasn't it? - Gene said

- Yes – agreed Amy – it was a really good concert!

And she fell silent. Gene realized that she wasn't in the mood for a conversation right now. Amy continued to stand and endure, rubbing her tense crotch, covered with a lycra fabric of disco-jeans. Gene also watched the queue for the toilet in the app. Amy brought her legs together, clutching her purse.

- Oh, finally! – Gene replied – Go to the left in that booth.

Amy looked: all the booths were occupied, there was a queue, and there was no extra in the very left edge!

- You thought about it, looking at the application – Amy replied, squeezing her legs –Supposedly there are more bathrooms, but no ... oh....

The girl squeezed her legs even harder. Suddenly, a drop of urine flowed between her legs and a barely noticeable dark spot appeared on her jeans. Amy regained control of the flow within herself. The stomach from relaxation also began to boil. Amy spread her legs, stroking him. Tilting her head, she saw a speck. It seemed to her that it was a shadow and she ran her fingers over it.

- Oh, my God! – the girl said, feeling the moisture and blushed – Oh, I'm so sorry! I can't believe this happened! I'm so embarrassed!

And Amy turned away. Gene looked at her sympathetically when he saw her leak from the front. Although it looked a little... exciting: how she brings her legs together, strokes her crotch, sticks out her juicy ass. Amy rummaged a little in her purse for napkins, but found nothing. Suddenly, tension increased in her anus and the girl squeezed her buttocks, covered them with her palm. She turned to the guy, glancing at the long line that hadn't moved a foot.

- Oh, - Amy sighed, stroking her swollen belly and holding her ass, - "I need ... to go to poop."

Gene understood everything, but there was nothing he could do. Amy kept both palms on her belly, which was twisting inside, causing discomfort and pressing on the bladder.

- It's getting harder for me to endure. - Amy said

- Be patient, dear. – Gene replied, – I hope the bathroom will be available for you soon.

Amy fell silent again, stroking her belly and spreading her legs to get into a more comfortable position. Suddenly, her stomach twisted slightly, pressing on my bladder. Amy grimaced and bent her knees a little, holding her crotch, but it was enough for her to fart. A short fart escaped from the ass.

- Excuse! -The girl replied, blushing again.

Gene, however, stroked her cheek and kissed her so that she would not be embarrassed at all and would not lose control over herself

Amy smiled, bringing her legs together and leaving her palms on her stomach. It seemed that it even helped her and became a little easier.

- It helps a little to be patient ! – the girl replied

- Oh yes – said Gene – I'm trying to help you.

- Oh, my God. – Amy said – Again, I can't believe you have to see all this.

- "It's okay, honey. - Gene reassured her

Amy calmed down and smiled, putting both palms on her stomach again. Suddenly, belly began to worry a lot and twist inside. The girl stroked him, trying to calm him down. But the pressure inside was growing. Amy grimaced, putting her palm to her mouth.

- What's with you? - Gene asked , a little startled

- My stomach's aching. – said Amy –Ahh.....

For a brief moment, she lost control of her bladder and a short trickle of urine splashed into her lycra jeans. The stain on the crotch of the pants became larger and two thin dark stripes from the leak appeared on the inside of the thighs.

- Oooh, oh.... – the girl sighed, regaining control over herself – Oh, my God.

- Are you very wet? – the guy asked – What does it look like?

- "It looks something like this," Amy replied, pointing to the effects of a short leak in the front.

- Wow! – Gene answered and looked angrily at the queue – How much longer to wait!

- Yes, I hope so..- Amy was saying, trampling on the spot – I hope it won't last long!

- I hope so too! -Gene replied, looking at her – Your belly is so bulging.

- "It's just that these pants are so... so tight." - said Amy – I mean, just like the way they look, but they pinch.

Suddenly, her stomach started to rolling again.

- Oh, again! - Amy muttered, turning away from Gene and putting her palm on her ass. - Oh, Dear!

Her stomach rolling so much that Amy couldn't stand it and farted loudly.

- "Ohhhh!" - the girl exclaimed.

She felt all her shit coming out . Squeezing her buttocks with her palms, she turned to Gene, dancing, breathing heavily at the same time and almost shitting herself, but still regaining control.

- Oh, oh, oh my God. - Amy replied, breathing heavily – It's embarrassing! I can't believe this is really happening! I do not know what to do!

- Can we just go see if the other toilets are open? - Gene suggested- Surely there is something free?

- But what if there isn't? - Amy asked - And the line is just as long?

The guy shrugged helplessly: they say he tried.

- You know... - Amy began and suddenly felt a pain in her belly – Oh... oh…Oh, my God.

- What is it?- Gene asked - "Does it hurt?" Try to bend over.

A- Oh Amy replied, shaking her head negatively and stroking her stomach - It's obvious. I really can't bend over because my belt will put pressure on my... bladder... and....

Suddenly she relaxed slightly and a short trickle splashed into her pants. It was visible how the spot on the crotch darkened a lot, slightly increasing in size. Amy regained control of herself in time.

- Oh – the girl squeaked – Oh, Dear. Oh..So embarrassing. It's coming out of me!

The girl pulled her jeans higher, trying to somehow relieve her bladder, which was even more tense because of the pressing belly! Gene was nearby and tried not to distract her, keeping a sharp lookout for the queue, which barely moved.

Five minutes later.....

Amy was standing with her arms folded and waiting in line a little apart from everyone. Her boyfriend was standing next to her. Suddenly she lost control of herself again: at first she got a little wet, and then a rather long stream of urine splashed into her pants. The stain became even bigger. A few yellow drops seeped through the lycra and dripped onto the floor. The wet dark tracks on her thighs became bigger.

- "Ahhhh," -Amy exclaimed. -Ohh

Gene turned to her. Amy stood with her legs together, but it was clear that the stain had become larger. And there was an unpleasant smell.

- Oh, it came out – the girl muttered and then looked at Gene – Oh, I'm sorry for this smell! All that..very, very embarrassing.

- How you? - Gene asked, walking towards her.

"Oh, oh, don't... don't step in there!" – Amy stopped him – There's a wet floor!

Gene saw a small yellow puddle, realizing that Amy had wet herself a little.

- Oh, Dear – sighed Amy, waving her palms at the wet crotch, driving away the smell – Did you happen to have ... any napkins, dear?

- Unfortunately not, Amy - the guy shook his head

Amy clicked her tongue irritably. She then moved her purse to her crotch, covering her wet spot.

- "Hmm, maybe I'll just hold my purse like this. – said the girl - Oh, I just don't want anyone else to see me like this.

- Okay, honey! - Gene replied.

The situation was getting worse for Amy. The stomach rolling again and spasms appeared inside. Amy was spinning, holding her ass and stroking her belly. Holding her purse, she tried to restrain her urges, but at the same time it became harder to restrain them. Amy could not resist again, slightly letting out a trickle of urine. Her stain on the crotch of her pants got even bigger.

Oh, oh, oh – Amy moaned from the weight – Oh, Jesus.

- How you? – asked the worried Gene

- I... I... I... - Amy was confused – I can't just stop getting wet in front.

- Hold on, honey! -Gene encouraged her

- I'm just holding - ..Amy fell silent, unable to hold her belly and a short fart escaped from her ass with a pungent and smelly smell- at Back....

Gene even grimaced at this, as did Amy herself.

- Smells – commented the girl, waving him off –Ohh

Amy felt her belly rolling, and her was pierced by even stronger spasms. The girl was breathing fast.

- What is it? -Gene asked again because he was worried about his girlfriend…

- Oh, -Amy grimaced, holding onto her aching belly- "I feel my stomach rolling! Oh, uh... uh…

- Be patient, dear! – Gene said – There should be a free bathroom there in 5 minutes. Can you stand it?

- Uh, I don't know! - Amy replied, puffing and holding on to her crotch and ass–Oh, Jesus Please, please! I'm almost....

Amy knew she was about to shit herself. Out of desperation, she ran to the far corner of the bathroom, where there were no people. Gene ran after her.

When she reached the place, she stopped, holding her stomach and crotch, actively bending and dancing.

- How you? -Gene asked, running up.

- Oh, well... - Amy muttered – I have to hold my pooping!

- Hold on, my love! – Gene told her – I'm going to ask to free the toilet now. Can you hold out?

- I just... - Amy said to herself under her breath, sweating and not thinking anything anymore – I think that...

Amy's stomach suddenly rolling with incredible force. The spasms were very strong, literally twisting him. All this put a lot of pressure on her bladder, which was at the limit!

- Oh, Dear! Oh, Dear! Oh, Dear! - Amy panicked, dancing on the spot and holding her ass and crotch! – I have to poop! I just...

She suddenly stretched out to her full height and panted heavily.

- Oh, oh, oh no! – Amy panicked –Oh... oh....

Stomach rolling so much that shit not barely came out. Amy threw all her strength into not shitting herself, completely forgetting about the overflowing bladder. Bending over, she moaned, holding back her shit, but not her urine. Shocked, Gene saw a stream of urine flow down her pants. A puddle appeared under her feet. The stain on his pants was growing rapidly. Amy was terribly embarrassed and ashamed! She managed to stop the flow of urine with titanic efforts, although her pants were already very wet and it could not be hidden.

- Oh, my God! – Amy exclaimed in a doomed tone and ready to cry – I pee my pants! Oh, shit!

She felt her ass "bursting at the seams", trying to hold all the shit that was bursting out!

- I must hold ....my .....pooping! - Amy moaned in pain, holding her ass, feeling a monstrous tension there – Oh, my God.

Gene didn't know what to do: help his beloved or run to ask people to give her the toilet!

"Oh, that's too bad! - Amy whined desperately and squeezed her buttocks as hard as possible!

She straightened up, trying to somehow control herself! Suddenly, an incredibly strong spasm pierced her stomach.

Oh... OOOOOOOOOOO! - Amy shouted, holding her belly.

The urge to take a shit was incredibly strong! By some incredible miracle, Amy kept it all inside her! However, the bladder relaxed slightly and another stream of urine burst out, wetting the girl's already wet trousers. Amy turned to Gene.

- Oh my God! - Amy moaned, holding her belly! Help…Help me!

- Are you okay?! -Gene asked, shocked, not knowing what to do.

- I just...- Amy moaned in shame- I just piss my pants!

Gene wanted to approach her, but she stopped him.

- It is.... still....coming! – the girl said brokenly

- What are you talking about? – Gene didn't understand

- It's still coming out! - Amy finished, breathing heavily

The remnants of urine gushed out of Amy's wet crotch, but she did not try to restrain them anymore. She relaxed a little, allowing the jets to flow out of her exhausted bladder, even sat down, legs wide apart, so that nothing would leak into her shoes. The puddle under her increased, but Amy moved a little further away, squelching her shoes. Gene had never seen such a sight in his life. And it didn't disgust him. Of course, Gene was not an ardent fetishist, but for some reason it even attracted him a little, although his beloved needed help. Amy at embarrassed and resignated. Her stomach had calmed down so far and she could assess the damage.

- Oh, my God - said the girl - I pee in my pants! It is so....

She did not finish: her stomach rolling again and was by very strong spasms! Amy moaned in pain.

- What's with you? - Gene asked once again, worried about the girl, but because of the spectacle he could not do anything.

- I still have to go poop! - Amy said in despair, holding her ass and belly. – It's so humiliating! I do not know what to do!

- Okay, just a second! – Gene replied – Stay here, I'll check the available toilets now! Hold on, honey!

And he went ahead.

- Oh, God! Please don't let me shit myself! - Amy muttered, "Please don't let me.... shit yourself.

Gene went out to the bathrooms and found that the long queue had disappeared somewhere! Glancing at his watch, he was surprised to find that he and Amy had been here for almost 1.5 hours.

- So everyone's gone! – thought Gene- Great! I need to tell Amy and take her to the spare bathroom!

And the guy ran back to the girl.

Meanwhile, Amy was already on her last legs: she wanted to shit wildly, spasms rolling her belly and her buttocks were so tense that they already hurt wildly! She's been putting up with it for the devil knows how long. It's amazing that she didn't shit herself right away after that. Gene hasn't come up yet. Suddenly, Amy felt her stomach rolling so much that it became impossible to endure! A stream of shit rushed out. The girl was spinning on her bent legs and breathing heavily.

- Oh-oh! - Amy moaned and panicked– Oh, no! No! No! No!....No! No! No! It's coming out!

Farting began to fly out of the ass nonstop. Amy squeezed her buttocks. Her legs were shaking. Suddenly, her stomach rumbled violently. Amy felt like a wet fart flew out: it became a little warm in her pants and there was a slight bulge! Amy touched her, realizing that she had a little shit in her pants, but that's not all....

Gene ran to Amy, intending to tell her that she would go number two and avoid an even bigger disaster.

- Amy! -Gene shouted, running to her - It's free there, so you can go…What?

Amy couldn't take it anymore: she was on her last legs dancing and holding her ass and crotch with her palms!

- Oh, my God! Oh, my God! - Amy muttered, -"My shit is coming out.

And in the next second, Amy shat herself in her pants with a disgusting sound and smell. She was breathing heavily: she felt better, but the situation was terrible: her lycra jeans stank, shit formed a bulge and she only now saw that Jin was looking at her in this state.

- Gene...- Amy sobbed, ready to cry - I shit myself and peed myself! It's a damn queue! This cola! These burritos! I couldn't take it anymore! Please don't laugh! Just don't leave me like this....

- What are you talking about?! – Gene answered decisively – This can happen to anyone! And at all: I still really, really like you anyway!

- Really?- Amy asked, delighted with these words, sniffing.

- Yes! - the guy answered.

The girl rushed into his arms and kissed him all over, despite the fact that she has a lot of shit in her pants now and they themselves are wet. Amy snuggled up to him quite tightly, because she felt... his arousal.

- You excited because of this sight?- Amy was surprised

- Well, from the way you moved, sticking out your ass and bringing your legs together when you wanted to go to the toilet - yes, I got excited. - Gene replied, pleased

- You're a pervert! – Amy smiled condescendingly - But I even like it!

- I suggest you go to the toilet now, clean your pants as much as possible, dry them with this hand dryer, and then we'll go to your house and do something... depraved -her boyfriend suggested with a smile

- Yes, I'm all for it! - the girl replied.

The next hour went like this: Amy cleaned and washed her jeans somehow, dried them and sprayed a lot of her perfume to kill the smell of shit. She also asked Gene to put some kind of blanket on the seat in his car so as not to stain the skin. Jin was surprised, but nodded. Then they went home to Amy, where they had passionate sex. Before sex, of course, they took a bath.

So Amy found her boyfriend, who is not afraid of difficulties. Gene adored Amy and always did her well not only in terms of intimacy, but also in terms of kindness, tenderness, care and love! Amy was very happy: after all, despite the fact that such accidents happen to her, as she was at the concert, she is no longer alone: after all, she has a loved one who understands her. This is happiness!

THE END!

P.S: I decided to try to turn the video into a story! Almost all phrases are taken from there, some have been changed for ease of writing. I repeat - this is the first time. Yes, if someone else has a video with a Secret Wetter Amy, then let them drop the link - I like videos with her! There is nothing on Clips4sale, just like on other sites. Those videos that already exist or were on this site do not need to be offered. I've already seen them! I'm sure someone has a complete collection with her! This is my personal request! Thank you all!) Enjoy the story!)

