Assassin's Guild

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2021-10-24 09:22

Beyond the knowledge of our everyday society are outside forces helping shape the political climate we live in. These forces are not soldiers, politicians, mercenaries or whatever label you could try to force on them - they are, as the Director refers to them, weapons. That being said - Katya didn't feel like a weapon. Although to her knowledge, she was born and will probably die in the Blackwater Program, she had interests and whatnot outside of killing bad guys, or whoever she was told were the bad guys. But to have dreams in the program was practically to lie to yourself - kind of dark, right?

Either way - Katya, or as her comrades called her simply "Kat," was an optimist. We'll see soon enough if that pays off for her.

- THE MISSION BRIEF ROOM, BLACKWATER COMPLEX

"Miss Petrov, are you paying attention?" Asked the soft spoken male voice of the mission brief. Kat looked around the room to see the other women looking at her.

"Fully, sir," she replied hesitantly. Kat was top of the program, but she struggled with these mission briefs - what was so simple to her, just didn't always click to everybody else in the room. Kat stretched in her grade school styled desk, letting her long black hair down from her bun, now giving her attention back to the briefer.

"Would you like to repeat the mission as we've gone over it, Miss Petrov?" He replied, slightly sarcastically back to Kat. It took all of her willpower not to roll her eyes at this man.

"Yes, sir. The first target is in the top floor of the Klinox Building. My team will perform a high altitude drop onto the roof while the secondary team will enter from the underground garage to secure their target," Kat replied, looking at the documents and building blueprints in front of her on her desk.

"That's an incredibly daft version of what I've spent the past two hours explaining, but acceptable nonetheless," the man replied, still soft spoken. "I need you all to remember that this is an Alpha Level Mission - the Director expects the best out of all you, that's why he handpicked these teams."

Kat's imagination started to drift again. She had to fucking piss, but she wasn't about to stop the mission brief to excuse herself. Part of being top of the program was composure, elegance and efficiency. All these things Katya thrived in. Her eyes drifted to the blonde in the front row. She knew every girl in the room from birth, trained with them, considered them family, but Kat didn't really know them. She kept to herself too much. The girl she was thinking of was Alexis - they'd never done a mission together before, but had seen each other around the program complex ever since they were kids. She was gorgeous - the kind of girl to melt your heart, but also the kind of girl to slide a knife in your throat while it melted. Kat loved it.

Alexis looked back to meet Kat's side eye, and Kat immediately focused her attention to the briefer.

"That wraps up this mission brief, prepare your gear, the operation is again set to begin at eighteen-hundred on the dot," the man said, picking up his documents and exiting the room. All the women stood up simultaneously, packing their notes and whatnot to leave. Katya shoved an empty scribbler into her backpack.

"You don't take notes?"

Kat looked towards the voice speaking to her. It was Alexis. She had to think fast, say something smooth.

"Only when it matters," Kat said, her Eastern European accent nearly covering up a little voice crack.

"I like my team leader to be prepared," Alexis said, a little cold. Kat wasn't sure if she should be offended or slightly aroused. Kat clenched her thighs a bit as a little wave of desperation hit her.

But then it also hit her - Alexis was on her team? She missed that.

"Are you saying I'm unprepared? Have you seen the Director's ranking board?" Kat teased. Alexis looked her up and down.

"I did see the ranking board - I think I expected more from #1 Katya Petrov," Alexis said, just a hint of playfulness in her voice.

"First things first, I haven't been called by my full name since we were in grade school here, second thing, are you challenging me, Alexis?" Kat shot back.

"Challenge you? I'd hate to take your #1 away from you, you might cry," Alexis hit back before she followed the other women out of the briefing room.

I swear to God, I'm going to - Kat's thoughts were cut short by a short wave of desperation, forcing her to wrap her legs around each other.

She hurried out of the room towards the long corridor. The complex was the only thing Kat knew as a home, but sometimes it's size still overwhelmed her. She watched all the other girls go their separate ways, including Alexis. Kat rushed down the corridor towards the housing block of the complex. It was a good 6 or 7 minute walk, and Kat cursed herself every step of the way for letting her need to pee get this bad.

Kat struggled to hold her composure as she walked by other agents in the hallway - she was a very well known face due to her being #1 on the Director's leaderboard. She brushed her thick black hair out of her face, controlling her pace and disallowing herself to either squirm or hold herself as she rushed to her quarters door - to which she finally arrived, after what felt like years of walking.

"Key card, key card, where's my fucking keycard?" Kat went over her many pockets of her tight, dark grey jumpsuit. At this point, she couldn't hold her composure too much, she'd had to pee since she left her quarters two and a half hours ago - her roommate hogged the bathroom to the point where Kat was going to be late, so she had to leave without peeing this morning.

Kat squirmed while she struggled to find the small keycard, and finally she found it in a pocket she swore she checked three times. Kat whipped it out, pressing it to the reader on the door, and the door unlocked. Kat rushed inside - her roommate nowhere to be seen, and a closed bathroom door across the room.

"Fuck," Kat said frustrated under her breath. "Brooklyn, are you going to be long?" Kat shouted, knocking on the door. Who the fuck was she kidding? Brooklyn had a weird complex about talking while she was in the bathroom, so she didn't reply.

Kat sat down on the bottom bunk of their bunk bed, wrapping her legs and pressing her thighs together while she was going over the mission details in her head to keep herself occupied. Kat and Brooklyn's room was an absolute mess - Brooklyn was another agent, a lot lower on the scoreboard than Kat, hence why she wasn't in the brief. She also doubled as Katya's best friend.

Brooklyn exited the bathroom, looking at Kat on the bottom bunk. "Can you please not sit on MY bunk? You know it's a personal space thing for me," Brooklyn smiled as Kat pushed past her to get into the bathroom, slamming the door behind her. Immediately, Kat struggled with the back zipper of the tight grey jumpsuit that every agent wore.

"This fucking zipper! Why the fuck do they make it like this?" Kat yelled from the bathroom.

"Need help?" Brooklyn yelled outside the shut door. Kat rolled her eyes, opening the door.

"Just fucking zip it down, can you?" Kat said partially defeated.

"Ask nicely, Kat," Brooklyn teased. Kat let out an audible groan.

"Please?" She surrendered.

Brooklyn let down the back zipper, and Kat slammed the door in her face, just making it to the toilet to finally piss. Kat tried to quiet herself as she let out a loud sigh of relief. Thank God.

Kat exited the bathroom to see Brooklyn now laying on the bottom bunk. "How'd your big important brief go?" Brooklyn asked, a little uninterested.

"You know, same shit, different bad guys," Kat said, sliding the top of her jumpsuit down, tying it around her waist. She brushed her long black hair out of her face again.

"A little bird told me that you finally have a mission with Alexis," Brooklyn said, a little more interested now.

"Okay, and?" Kat replied, occupying herself by taking apart her sidearm on her desk to clean it.

"And, I know you've been crushing on her since we were, what, seventeen? That's five years of crushing Kat, zero moves made," Brooklyn said, frustrated for Kat.

"We're not here to make moves, Brook, we're here to - " Brooklyn cut Katya off, " - to the make the world a better place, I know, I know - but don't we get to enjoy the world at all?" Brooklyn inquired to Kat, which made her pause.

"Then why don't you make any moves?" Kat said, awkwardly, it was unusual for her to last this long on this subject.

"Because the only dick here is the Director and that briefer guy, both are definitely over the age of sixty," Brooklyn joked, sitting up. "I'm not lucky enough to find anybody with a pair of tits attractive, like you," Brooklyn teased, picking up a ball on the ground, tossing it against the wall.

Kat laughed at her remark, still cleaning her sidearm. "What about that one janitor? He's max forty, seems like a nice guy," Kat lightened up a bit.

"I don't even think he's a real person, knowing the Director, he's like a Terminator wearing a human skin suit," Brooklyn joked while she continued tossing the ball against the wall.

"Human skin wearing robot versus your hair bru-" Kat got cut off, "Shut the fuck up and don't finish that sentence," Brooklyn shot back, pointing her finger at Kat. Katya just laughed, reassembling her gun.

"I'm going down to the range, want to come?" Kat offered.

"I need to repress the imagery you just put in my head with a long nap," Brooklyn struck her down.

"Okay - I'll be back," Kat imitated the Terminator line.

"I really wish you wouldn't," Brooklyn replied.

- CUT TO THE RANGE, BLACKWATER COMPLEX

Kat expected to see more people at the range today - or, anybody for that matter, but it was empty. There was a lot of ongoing missions, and the program had 85 agents - an agent Kat didn't know too well was just recently killed in action, which meant they were going to begin trials to pull from student pool.

The sidearm Kat had just cleaned sat tightly in her thigh holster while she set up a paper target, sending it about twenty five feet back on the conveyer. Kat drew out her pistol, placing it on the little table in front of her. She checked her gun, making sure her clip was loaded. She took the gun off safety, cocked it and fired a shot. She hit the target square in the chest.

"Good shot," she heard the voice behind her. Kat spun around. Alexis.

"You know you're not supposed to sneak up on somebody with a gun, right?" Kat said, raising an eyebrow at Alexis.

"Are you really going to be a stickler for rules?" Alexis teased, removing her own gun from her holster. Kat couldn't help but look at the way Alexis' jumpsuit wrapped around her curves, and the way her long blonde hair transitioned from bright and vibrant from the roots to darker at the tips.

"I-" Kat stuttered, "I guess not," she replied, firing off another shot as she regained her focus at the target.

Alexis checked her gun, aiming, firing off her own shot - which hit Kat's target square in the head.

Kat looked over, "There's dividers her for a reason, that's my target!" She got a little upset.

"Cry about it, #1," Alexis teased.

Pissed off, Kat put her gun down, and got in Alexis' face. "I-" Kat started, but was cut off as Alexis pushed Kat back, then pushed her back again until Kat was up against the wall.

"You what?" Alexis said, holstering her pistol. "You know, I noticed you were about to piss yourself during the brief today," Alexis laughed.

"I was not going to fucking piss myself!" Kat refuted, trying to push Alexis off, but the blonde was taller by a few inches, and both her hands leaned her against the wall, making her tower over Kat.

"You were making the same face you are now, the 'poor Katya has to go potty' face," Alexis smiled a little deviously, lowering one hand to grab Kat's thigh.

Kat's nerves swelled up, it was as if Alexis' words had just single handedly filled her bladder. Kat instantly had to pee. It wasn't urgent, it wasn't even a feeling of desperation, but she just knew that her bladder was not empty.

"No words for me, Team Leader?" Alexis teased, gripping Kat's thigh tighter. Kat only looked back, shock in her eyes, her mouth hanging open a little with the tiniest quiver on her bottom lip. Alexis' devious smile turned to a look of seriousness. Kat's eyes followed hers as Alexis' lips moved toward Kat's left ear. She could feel her warm breath almost saturating her ear. It sent shivers down Katya's spine.

"Piss yourself, Team Leader," Alexis whispered.

And with that, twenty two years of training and experience were flushed down the toilet as Kat begin to soak her jumpsuit in piss. She couldn't even control it. Alexis' words simply owned her in this moment. Kat's eyes glistened as Alexis never broke eye contact with her. The blonde started to stand back as Katya formed her own little puddle around her black combat boots. Alexis just smiled at her. Kat couldn't find words.

"Remember - we're leaving at eighteen-hundred. That gives you.. twenty minutes or so to clean up," Alexis said, checking her wrist watch before she left the room.

Kat looked down at her wet legs in defeat, confusion, some weird sense of arousal and most of all, shame.

"I'm going to fucking kill her."

HEY GUYS! I haven't wrote anything in almost a year, I kind of lost my spark for a bit, but I'm really hoping this can be turned into some kind of series. It was heavily inspired by Red versus Blue and Black Widow, but all the characters are original! I hope you guys enjoy, there's bound to be some grammatical mistakes in here and all that, and I think some parts are definitely a little rushed, but I'm going to really flesh this story out if it continues.

If you want this story to continue, please leave a like and a comment!

Thanks guys,

M.E.L.

