Sorbet Shark Cookie Stuff

Author: MapleFeather12

*000*2021-10-28 05:28

Just fun stuff, mainly ideas/omo headcannons cause im bored and I love the lil bean so much (this is only land sorbet, I dont like sea sorbet)

Headcannons

- When Sorbet first got onto land, they didnt know how to use the bathroom at all, opting to just wet themselves randomly, especially on the pirate ship...which is why they are always on cleanup duty.

- Sorbet is just short enough to not be able to reach most doors (ofc the town eventually takes short cookies into consideration when more show up) making it hard for them to enter/exit places, so they could be stuck outside the bathroom.

- Sorbet is pee shy and also is very embarrassed about admitting needing to pee, so they prefer to keep it to themselves no matter whats happening or how desperate they are.

- Sorbets fin on his head in very sensitive, if something were to touch it while hes desperate, he will most likely loose it on the spot.

Ideas (Mainly For stories or Rp ideas, anyone can use and modify it to fit your way!)

- Sorbet is put on many shifts and doesnt have time for a break, and the captain wont let them go.

- Sorbets getting use to their land form and ends up having an accident without even realizing it until someone explains it.

- Sorbets in battle and cant seem to wait until the end.

- Sorbet gets lost trying to find their way home and meets the Evil Cookie Group (Licorice, Pomegranate ect) they decide to send a message back to the town.

- Sorbet needs help opening a door they cant reach, but nobody can understand them.

- Sorbets in a large crowd and is struggling to get out, they dont end up making it.

- Sorbet accidently ties themselves up in a rope and cant get out until its too late

Thats all I got, spill some of your ideas if you want!

*002*2021-10-28 16:38

{{1 hour ago, yeetwithpee said:

YOOO MY DUDES THESE R ALL GREAT OPTIONS

LMFAOOOO

I'd be down to rp one of these lmfao

}}

XD well im always free

*004*2021-10-28 18:26

{{1 hour ago, yeetwithpee said:

Well then dm me when u want! Ill let u start this time

}}

TwT alright

