Honkai Star rail /Dr.Ratio's wetting fiction !

Author: Menelaus

*000*2024-05-05 15:04

OK i finally finish this english version ...hhhh but ithink some Chinese sentence cannot be translate well ( )

Anyway i finished it and omg i love Ratio he is so hot to holding and peeing

(DR U R HUUUUUGE !

Ok you can enjoy it now !!!!!!!

The Baptism of Pure Thought

The afternoon sun is just right, the flowers and leaves are fragrant.

Though he had taken care to be clean at all times, his thoughts were inevitably dusty with stagnation.

"Healing the mind is just as important as staying healthy."

The clamor of the fools went away with his fatigue, and he sank into the water, letting his thoughts float, his mind clarifying in a sequential manner.

"Truth shuns impurity; only purity can approach."

This was the daily habit of Professor Ratio. At the end of a period of work, a bath, physical and even spiritual, was an essential ritual. He called it "the baptism of pure thought". Indeed, in a bathroom with only one person, a bathtub full of water cuts him off from the noise of the outside world and clarifies his thinking. No need for a plaster head to keep him out, just let the vapor cover every inch of his skin, the exhaustion washed away, and his thoughts could be as logical and appropriate as the water dripping from the ends of his hair.

That's right, he has a fetish for cleanliness. This was the only bathroom that could be considered "clean" in his eyes. Indeed, it was a place for him to bathe, to study, to rest. He couldn't live without books and a bathtub, of course.

On this day, after Prof. Ratio had finished an assignment at his company, he received an email from the University of Truth - an academic lecture to be held at the university in the near future needed to be rescheduled urgently for some reason, and he asked the speaker, Prof. Ratio, when it would be convenient for him to do so. Ratio quickly went over his recent schedule in his head, since there was nothing to do later and he had already prepared this lecture, why not finish it right away? He quickly replied to the school and ordered the company to deliver it to its destination.

Upon arriving at the school, Ratio organized the materials for the lecture in his office and headed to the classroom. His strong sense of timing makes him unflappable and always on time, which he considers one of the "scholarly virtues". The large lecture hall was by now full of students, and Prof. Ratio approached the podium and began his lecture.

Indeed, as a seasoned scholar and teacher, this academic lecture is just one of the insignificant classes in his teaching career. Today, however, the handsome face beneath the plaster head was clouded in unseen shadows with a hesitation that he himself found puzzling. He felt himself, like the lower part of an hourglass, being filled, little by little, with a tiny, almost invisible, but distinctly felt stream of sand, with some part of his body.

Intelligent as he was, he of course quickly realized where this abnormality came from. It was just that it was really hard to admit, after all, he hadn't had this kind of experience before. A person with an extremely strong sense of time, even if he did not deliberately arrange it, he could still arrange a perfect schedule by acting along the way. But today's lecture was clearly outside the situation.

Extremely low chance, but all chance was inevitable.

Ratio 's mind quickly acknowledged the fact that he was holding his pee. Five hours had passed since his last toilet break, before his morning shower. The water intake during the period of completing the company's tasks had not been much, but with the passage of time had also long since completed their water cycle and were squeezing into the bladder little by little. This sensation, if noticed in a vague way, is impossible to get rid of and becomes more and more intense. The silence under the head of the plaster paused imperceptibly, but resumed its unperturbed normalcy.

There was still an hour and a half to go. That's more than enough time for the lecture if you reduce your movement. Prof. Ratio thought so. The powerful mobility of the professor's mind was clearly not helping him suppress this sense of abnormality at the moment. Everything was shifted by time and place... Indeed, five hours was enough time to form everything, and the open classroom location was serious... The sensation of being infused little by little pressed on more and more neuron cells in a physical sense, and more and more receptors transmitted nerve impulses to the nerve center. He knew, of course, that this center was not in the spinal cord but in the cerebral cortex, thus at the moment he was able to keep the effectors from having an effect and blocking the completion of this reflex process.

Gee, is it really good to be distracted at a time like this? Professor Ratio was still speaking as usual, and his analysis of the problem was still clear. But he inevitably and smoothly slightly clenched his standing legs and slightly leaned against the edge of the podium. With his head in plaster, no one could see his expression. With the podium obscured, no one would notice the occasional friction between his legs either. It was only that he stopped his demonstration of the slate and tried to keep his whole body as still as possible. Indeed, once one notices the urge to urinate, it can no longer be ignored or even becomes progressively more obvious. Unlike those annoying idiots, who could be avoided by "isolating their senses", the physical urgency of the moment irritated his nerves little by little.

He was a little anxious.

He himself had never bothered about this since he knew better; he had always gone whenever he needed to, and had never been in a hurry even if the timing was not just right. Today's fresh feeling so that he suddenly recalled his childhood class a classmate, because of the urgent need to urinate and constantly shaking feet, the desk under the twisted body, trembling legs and hot water gushing out of the moment of sudden stillness. The almost instantaneous empathy for the consequences of that kind of stupidity only for stupid people... he was a little distracted.

The fabric of the clothes layered around his waist was rubbing against the small of his back, and the professor lifted one foot slightly, toes pointing to the ground and squeezing his lower body a few times harder at the base of his thighs. These movements were purely instinctive, the urgency pouring in at the moment, stopping the forward drip but creating a swaying inertia backward. Heavy breathing had long since stuffed the plaster headgear, and his eyes dimmed as he tried to assume a share of the weight of his breath on every word, every syllable he uttered. Fingers...it was tempting to go down and help, but, apparently, could not, and could not, make such a move.

In some moment of pause, perhaps because the leap of thought had not yet reached another plank on the other side, a warmth just rushed out without warning. His pupils dilated violently, and he immediately stopped the spurting disaster. The kind of patter that dripped at the end of the effort to stop it was the desire to drop drop droplets, itching at his lower body to be absorbed by the fabric. Radiator could no longer think about it, his mind worked quickly, using his whole body to stave off the flooding of his lower body while continuing to keep his words short and concise making the words run as fast as they could to the end of the lecture.

Yes, it ended in a blur. He, of course, stopped leaving time for questions and simply walked out the door with the lecture materials. To outsiders it might just seem like a strange, steady-stepping, sometimes suddenly accelerating in a sea of uniform motion, plaster-headed man. To the students it might just seem like he had some other task coming up that needed to be done right away. It would be best if everyone didn't think much of it then. He'd never experienced anything like this before, and even with all his strength he couldn't stop the inertia of his urine leakage while maintaining his normal walking posture. That's right, the moment he stepped out of the classroom door, pattering, the inside of his thighs began to be moistened a little bit by a thin stream, and the hourglass sand that seemed to have been filled with it turned into the most tangible, warm liquid, dripping like medicine that had been squeezed out of a syringe a little bit.

The shaking cape, the pace of two long legs overlapping, the black and white diamond-shaped tiles, the plaster head that never looks away. The well-orderedness of it all masks shadowed wet marks, perhaps evaporating immediately after a short while from a long trail of water droplets left on the tiles. It was better that no one noticed, and indeed no one did. But Professor Ratio, in his ordered chaos, had made the mistake of arriving by inertia at the school's teachers' bathhouse.

No longer able to think, he pulled open a single room and went in. Defecating in a bathtub, or even an entire bathroom, had always been considered a sacrilege by him, but he had no choice at the moment. Professor Ratio's hand shook vigorously as he gripped the door handle, the warmth driven by this unoccupied environment finally ceasing to patter and gushing out in great streams, accompanied by the zippy sound of squirting urine, much like screaming shiitake mushrooms on a barbecue grill. The dark blue pants were a hot, wet mess, and the soles of the feet slipped badly against the tops of the shoes.

Those streams of yellow urine that reached the floor kept spreading away, spreading to the bottom of the door. If there was anyone outside at the moment, the scene must have been clear in everyone's mind. Ratio obviously thought of that, and he dropped straight down into the tub, the rest of the urine spreading around and underneath him, yellow trails more effervescent than effervescent spilling out wherever they were visible. The cooled urine on the tiles outside the tub stood still longer than time, reflecting back roughly the clock that Daley had softened. An eternity of memories. Effervescent tablets fully effervescent. Screaming mushrooms ponder the proposition that sashimi is dead.

The afternoon sun is just right, the flowers and leaves are fragrant.

Though he had taken care to be clean at all times, his thoughts were inevitably dusty with stagnation.

"Healing the mind is just as important as staying healthy."

