The Callboy!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-02-21 22:12

A bisexual handsome man near 40, loves girls and boys as well.

Sometimes he was more to girls and sometimes more to boys attracted. That changed from time to time and was depending on the person.

His favorite types were very slim, young, but over 18.

More over the gender, was a full bladder and pee desperation.

A boy, or a girl who was needing to pee was turning him on more than anything else.

Once he chatted with a good looking call boy. The boy was only 19 and very new in this business.

He was not a full professional call boy, he was a student and wanted to earn money for a better life, but not at any price and not with anyone.

He was gay, sensible and very selective with the choice of his customers.

After some very enjoyable mails and pictures the man, Mike was his name, rented the boy.

They agreed a “all inclusive price” for 4 hours.

A little problem was that the boy lived in another city and that he had to go for 2 1/2 hours with his car.

The relation was not optimal , 5 hours on the road and 4 hours in the bed.

At the special day they met at the parking garage near Mikes home.

On time came the boy out of the garage. He hugged Mike like they were friends since a long time. He kissed him at the cheek and said “ Hello!”

It was late Summer, Fabio was the name of the boy, looked gorgeous, he was exactly the boy of Mikes dreams.

Very slim, smooth skin, a great hairstyle and a pretty face.

He did wear very small, super short shorts and a tank top where a lot naked skin of his slim upper body was visible and where his belly was bare from over his navel till down to the low waist of his shorts where the waistband of his undies were visible.

Only the look of this sexy boy in his sexy clothes made Mike horny and hard, but on the other hand he was a little bit worried that it was too obvious for everybody what kind of couple they were.

They had a good erotic small talk and walked just a few minutes as the boy asked “ is it far to your home?”

”No not very far, but why are you asking ?”

”It’s just because i need to piss very urgent. I haven’t pissed since early in the morning.” answered Fabio and smiled bashful.

For Mike was it like you push a button, he was already so horny just about to see this sexy wonderful boy in his sexy outfit, but to know that he was needing to pee and that he was holding a full bladder in his gorgeous body was turning him on to the highest level.

”Why didn’t you go for so long?” asked Mike excited and full of lust.

The boy couldn’t know that Mike was aroused very much about his full bladder and his need to pee and explained detailed his situation.

He said that he had a very busy day and that he had not a good opportunity for the toilet and that he was needing to piss already pretty bad on the way to his car before leaving.

He wanted to stop somewhere on the way, but it was a lot of traffic and he didn’t want to come late and therefore he didn’t stop and now is his bladder very full.

Absolutely a dream that boy and that situation for Mike.

Not even 10 minutes later they were in Mikes flat which was in the middle of the city.

As soon as they closed the door could Mike no more resist, he took that slim, sexy body in his arms, pressed it hard against his own body and kissed him intensely.

He was holding his firm boy ass with both hands and pressed his belly at the boy’s belly. Especially he pressed his hard dick on the boys swollen bladder.

The boy moaned and said “ I’ll piss myself if you press your big hard thing so hard against my full bladder.”

The boy had both hands around Mike’s neck and kissed him with his tongue long and tender.

Mike was so horny that he had to be careful not to cum in his pants.

Mike’s kitchen was combined with a little bar.

He had prepared a welcome drink. Fabio was sitting on a high chair with his sexy, naked legs crossed and Mike was caressing his thighs tenderly.

After the first glass of champagne said Fabio silently “ can you please show me your bathroom before it is too late?”

Mike dreamed since so long to lie in the bed with a pretty boy who is needing to pee very urgently and therefore he took the chance and said “ I would pay the double price if you don’t go.”

(continue)

*003*2025-02-22 12:26

{{7 hours ago, eucoloco said:

Very good start. So much potential.. luvin it

}}

I thank you , i am glad that you like it!

*005*2025-02-23 22:51

“You mean you pay extra money therefore that i don’t go to the toilet?” asked the boy.

” Yes exactly!” answered Mike.

”How long must i not go?” asked Fabio.

”All evening long.” was the short answer.

“I would need already very urgently to the toilet, but the double fee sounds very good.

I don’t know if i am able to endure that, but i’ll try it.” said the boy.

Mike was happy, excited and aroused at the same time, about this answer and about the imagination what will happen at the next hours.

He took the boy in his arms and kissed him full of lust and fervor and led him in his sleeping room.

Mike stripped the young body slowly, bit by bit. First the tank top, then he opened the little shorts and let it slip down on the boy’s sexy, naked legs down to his bare feet.

Fabio was up to his briefs naked and was standing in front of Mike. He had his nude legs crossed, like girls do it when they are needing to wee badly.

The contours of the boy’s semi had dick were visible in his small undies as well as the contours of his full bladder in his super flat belly.

Mike laid finally the gorgeous slim boy body onto his bed. The boy’s bladder was full with urine from the day and Mike loved it.

He loved as well to feel the boy’s body on his own body and to feel his skin on his skin.

He leaked with his wet tongue the boy’s thighs, his belly and his pregnant hipbones.

The boy was getting more and more horny about Mikes tenderness.

”I don’t understand, on one hand you are so tender and so fondly to me and on the other hand you don’t let me go to the loo and make me suffer a very strong urge to pee.” said the boy.

”That is not to understand and not really to explain. I love each cm ( inch ) of your wonderful body, but it turns me on so much to know that you need to piss very urgently, to know that your bladder down there is very full.” answered Mike and pressed soft on the boys bladder.

The poor boy squeezed his thighs together and moaned silently.

”Sorry, but your bladder makes me so horny, it is so full and so firm, i can’t resist to press on it. You must really need to go very urgent so full as you are.”said Mike.

”More than urgent and more than bad.” said Fabio.

Mike pushed the boy’s undies down far under his navel to see more of his belly and more of his swollen bladder.

The boy lifted his tight, little ass to make it able for Mike to pull his undies down on his thighs.

Fabio’s hard penis jumped out of his prison and stood upright in the air.

The boy’s penis was middle size and very esthetic.

Both guys were now totally naked on the bed. They did change the positions, sometimes was Fabio on the top and sometimes Mike.

After a longer time said the boy” Mike, i need to piss sooo bad, i can’t stand that much longer.”

“I know it and i love it, but you should not tell me that, it turns me on so much, i can’t help doing .” said the man and got on top of the boy and pressed his hard penis hard on the boy’s overfilled bladder.

”Oh my gosh, you torture me so much, please stop it, more can i not endure, you burst my bladder!”was Fabio begging.

Mike had to calm down a little bit, changed to tenderness and kissed the boy.They had sex together, but stopped always a little bit before cuming.

They wanted to stay horny for so long as possible.

The time was running very fast and there was only one more over.

Mike was in heaven with that boy and wanted more and therefore he asked if he could stay for 2 or 3 hours longer.

Fabio told him that he would like to stay, but he had to go 3 more hours with the car until at home and he didn’t want to come home that late and offered him to come next time earlier.

On one hand was Mike glad that the boy said that he would come once more, or maybe more often, but on the other hand he was disappointed that he wanted to go in not even one hour.

Fabio could see that disappointment in Mikes face and he didn’t want to disappoint him, because he did like that guy and therefore he said that he would stay over night if want it.

Mikes heart jumped nearly out of his chest as he heard that. He was happy as a little child at Xmas.

”I would love it so much if you stay.” said the young man.

Both of them didn’t talk about money.

Mike said that they would go for a fast dinner to a restaurant , just a few minutes away from here and then they would have the whole night.

Fabio agreed and was happy as about it too , but said that he necessarily must to the loo before they leave to the restaurant.

”No Fabi, you will not go before and you will not go in the restaurant, we can talk about it if we are back.” said Mike and smiled.

*006*2025-03-02 10:04

They cuddled, kissed and caressed each other for another half an hour before they got up from the bed to go for a dinner.

Fabio was standing again with his sexy nude legs tight crossed and said “ may i go to the bathroom before we leave?”

”No, you may not! We have a deal. You have to hold it back all evening long.”answered Mike.

”I am needing to piss so bad, i am afraid that I’ll wet my undies.” said the boy.

”You can leave your undies, so you can’t wet them.” said Mike and smiled.

” I mean that honestly, i would love it if you are totally naked in your horny shorts.” continued the guy.

Fabi pulled his shorts slowly up over his thighs, put his firm, little ass and his dainty dick inside the extra small shorts, but it was hard for him to button it up , because his belly was swollen from his very full bladder and the tightness of his shorts was putting extra pressure from outside on his overfilled urine tank and it increased his already urgent need even more.

The poor boy was moaning about this extra torture.

He looked so unbelievably hot and sexy in his outfit!

On the way to the restaurant turned lot of people their heads around him, especially men.

”Are they all gay or bi?” thought Mike to himself.” Would they all love it to have this gorgeous, sexy boy in their bed?”

It had changed, as he picked up Fabio from the garage, he was afraid about his outfit and what people would think about them and now he did no more care about it, on the contrary, he was proud of “his” boy and he did like it that some other guys begrudged him.

It didn’t last long until they were at the restaurant.

They were sitting vis a vis at a small table.

Mike ordered to drink and to eat. The waitress brought the drinks and Fabi said, still smiling “I have no more room inside me, for a drink.”

”Sure you have, your bladder is like a balloon, it can stretch a lot if it gets forced to.”answered Mike and said “cheers.”

Fabio said “cheers” as well and took a small swallow.

It was very hard for Fabi to hide his already, painful urge. He was no more able to sit still. He rubbed his bony knees, he squeezed his sexy boy thighs with both of his hands, smiled and said “i need to pee soooo bad.”

”I know it and i love it!!! Your nude legs are so hot and so sexy for me, they turn me on so much and they turn me on even more when you move them from needing to pee so bad.” said Mike and touched the boys thighs and caressed them.

”I love it that you love my legs, but i can’t stand it much longer. You can’t even imagine how bad i am needing to piss!

I have not been to the toilet since early morning, i am needing to pee since so many hours, i really can’t bear up any longer, it’s already unbearable. I’ll do anything you want, but please let me to the loo, let me piss now.” was the boy begging.

*008*2025-04-26 20:46

{{On 3/2/2025 at 3:52 PM, eucoloco said:

Loving it so far. Please, keep going

}}

I am glad that you like it.

*009*2025-04-28 21:33

“Fabio stop begging for the loo like a little schoolgirl, you are a healthy big boy, or better a healthy, strong young man, you should be able to control your bodily needs, even they are very strong and maybe a little painful.

Some pain can even be arousing and can be turning on.

You said that you would do everything for me. You are doing so much for me if you are doing nothing, if you know what i mean and it is sooo easy to do nothing.” said Mike.

”I know very well what you mean, but it’s not so easy when the bladder is full to explode.” answered Fabio still smiling.

At the same moment came the waitress with the meal.

Mike was split, at one hand he enjoyed to be with that sexy boy out in public and on the other hand he was sorry about every minute he was missing with him in bed.

As soon as they were ready with the dinner, Mike paid the bill and they went in direction exit.

On the way they passed the toilet, Fabio looked yearning at the door and then he looked with beginning eyes to Mike, but he was shaking his head and said “No no my big boy is not allowed to go inside.”

Fabio was handsome, beautiful and cute in the same way, he attracted boys as well as girls.

That sexy outfit compared with his gorgeous body, made especially gay guys look at him. Again and again turned men their heads around him.

Near at home they had to wait at red traffic lights. Fabio was standing with his wonderful, naked legs tight crossed and with his knees bent, like usual girls do that when they are needing to wee very bad.

”Mike asked with a smooth, gentle voice “ does my poor boy really need to pee that bad?”

”It is more than bad.” answered the boy.

Both of them couldn’t wait until they were at home, but for two different reasons.

Mike couldn’t wait to strip the boy and to bring him back in his bed again and the boy couldn’t wait because he thought that he would be allowed to piss as soon as they would be at home.

*010*2025-05-01 21:09

They were still standing at the red traffic lights and Fabio had still his legs tight crossed.

Mike did love to see that and it was turning him on a lot!

It was clear visible for someone who watched him, why he did it, it was clear that this boy was needing to piss very urgently.

Mike was already very horny and he thought to himself that it would be arousing as well to dress that cute boy as girl and to take him to a dinner, or to a bar.He would look very hot in a super short skirt, he imagined.

At the same moment, the light was still red, said Fabio” how much longer will that last until we can finally go, how much longer must i get furthermore tortured?”

A few seconds later, he walked with his thighs close together and sometimes with rubbing knees.

”Fabi, you are so great, no boy in the whole world can be cuter and sexier than you, when you need to pee so bad. I think you should always have your bladder full.” said Mike.

Fabio smiled suffering but said nothing. Some minutes later they were at the door of Mikes home.

The boy was squatting down during he was waiting until Mike searched for the key and opened the door.

He had one hand between his thighs, squeezed his dick and said “ i need to piss so very, very, very urgently.”

”I know it, but it will get better if you are lying in the bed.” answered Mike.

Fabio couldn’t believe what he heard, does it mean that he still didn’t let him piss?

As soon as they were inside, he wanted to the bathroom, he had already the door handle in his hand as he said “ it will be better when i am coming out of there.”

“Maybe, but you will not go inside now.” answered Mike, took the boy around his hips and led him in his bedroom.

The boy did let him do that and said “ you know that this is torture what you are doing to me, but i already know that you like to torture me.”

“Sorry, but i really like that, it is turning me on so much to know that you are needing to pee so bad and that you are holding it for so long .

I always dreamed about to be in the bed with a boy like you, who is needing to pee and i don’t let him go.

I know you since only a few hours, but i like you very much. I like you and i love your gorgeous body!“ said Mike and started to undress the boy.

The boy was aroused as well very much, as soon as Mike slipped his super small shorts down, he did no more wear underwear, he left it at home before they went to the dinner, was his stiff penis standing right in the air.

”Are you horny, or is this because you need to piss so urgently my poor baby?”asked Mike to tease him, but he said it very tenderly.

”I think both.” answered the boy and kissed him.

It was all so new for the boy to feel to a “renter” attracted.

He was new in that business and he wasn’t a real callboy, he was a student who wanted to earn money that way and since a few months he was old enough to be allowed to do that.

Until now he had only some man for one or two hours and he did it just for money and didn’t feel something for them, but now it was different, he did like that guy.

It was also new for him to get turned on about to get dominated.

So much dominated that he is not even allowed to pee, that he has to ask for permission to use the loo and that he gets denied to piss.

And as Mike told him “ some kind of pain can be arousing “ he felt already a horniness about needing to pee and about holding his full bladder for so long.

It was hurting, but it was making horny as well.

Mike stripped his clothes as well and laid the boy carefully in his bed.

He pressed his naked body tenderly against the naked body of the slim boy.

” You make me so happy, you can’t even imagine how much.” said Mike, pressed his body harder against the boy and kissed him deep.

He couldn’t resist to press his big, hard penis against the bulging bladder of the boy , until Fabio started to squirm.

”I’ll wet your bed if you don’t stop that.” whispered the boy.

”Oh no, you won’t, you are so strong, you can endure a lot more, i think you don’t even know how much, but i would love it if you show it to me.” answered Mike and turned the boy on his back.

At this position was his overfilled bladder very good visibility, it was bulging out between his hipbones up to his navel.

Mike started to caress the boys body, he liked to feel his smooth skin and he was forced from his lust and horniness to caress especially his belly to feel the firmness of his so much overfilled bladder.

He pressed soft on it and he could see how the boy tensed all his muscles to keep his urine inside, which was wanted to come out so badly.

Mike could see and feel it especially at his belly muscles and at his thighs, he could see how he made his hands to fists and how he squeezed his thighs with his hands from needing to piss so unbelievably bad.

Mike laid his body on top of the boys body. He kissed him and leaked him from top down to his knees.

He loved to leak the smooth skin of the boys inner thighs and he loved to press his lips on the poor boy’s swollen bladder to increase his need.

Mike leaked over Fabio’s penis and did what the boy usually did with his guys.

”Mike, i like you too, very, very much and i love what you are doing to me.” whispered the boy tender in Mikes ear.

They were both so horny that they had to have sex! And they had sex very loooong, from soft and tender, to very hard.

Then they went to the bathroom, the poor boy couldn’t even stand and walk upright, he didn’t pee since longer than 15 hours and was needing to go since so long.

Bent over he wanted to the toilet bowl, but Mike didn’t let him.

”Not here, i want to watch you.” said Mike and went with him to the shower.

Fabi started to piss his pain away. The urine was running from his thighs down over his knees, over his calves to his feet.

Unbelievable how much and how long he pissed and unbelievable how much Mike loved to see that.

After they washed each other’s body, they went to bed.

They slept like lovers sleep, very tight together and enlaced.

Next morning before Fabio left, they had a good breakfast together.

Mike paid a good price, but money was no more so important than at the day before. Fabio didn’t want to take the extra money, but Mike insists that he takes it and said ”You brought me one of my most loved hours of my life.” And then he kissed him.

”The time with you was for me great as well. Thank you for all!” said Fabio and kissed him back, for a long time.

”Sometimes, when you pushed so very hard and deep inside me, i thought my bladder would burst at any moment.” continued the boy and smiled all over his face.

With a little sadness they looked in their eyes and then they said both at the same time “ when do we see us again?”

*012*2025-06-05 21:18

{{On 5/2/2025 at 3:54 PM, Spectator9 said:

And perhaps Fabio will become a regular visitor....!

}}

Or Mike should invite Fabio for one week holiday.

Fabio has to pay with his bladder!

No pee without permission and sometimes he doesn’t get a permission for a very long time.
