12 months of desperate workers - Page 2

Author: Mbgpeelover

*029*2019-05-29 22:18

August: the female police officer

Daisy had a lot to prove.

The oldest of five girls she wanted to prove to her sisters that despite the fact they were raised alone by their mum that they could still achieve. She wanted to prove to her son that in today’s society woman could actually be the main bread winner. She wanted to prove to her male counterparts that she was worthy of not only her current role but of future promotions too. She had ambition and her gender wasn’t going to hold her back. But mostly she wanted to prove to herself that she could better her life. Born to a gardening lover mum who named all five of her girls after flowers (Daisy, Heather, Ivy, Rose and Lilly) and who spent more time in her garden that she did with her children leaving Daisy to do far more for her siblings than she wanted to, Daisy wanted to prove she was worthy in every way. She’s never known her dad though she had met her sister’s dads, some who she’d wished she’d never met and others who seemed pretty decent, but all of whom had since left again.

Daisy had been rubbish at school as her mum saw little merit to studying and was happier with Daisy home to look after her siblings. Craving love and attention she had sex with the first boy who asked and within months found herself pregnant with her son. Having a baby changed Daisy and she set about reestablishing her life and setting goals. Here she was six years later with her son in school and finally living her dream of being a police officer. She’d hired an au pair from abroad to make sure her son was cared for when he wasn’t with his dad and made up for it when she was home by spending her every other moments with her son.

Determination and resilience defined her.

Daisy was just returning from a few days off work which she had timed for her son’s time off school. However much she loved her son she was glad to be back at work dressed in her full uniform of black smart trousers, white blouse, black and white checkered tie and her protective waistcoat and steel capped shoes. Currently posted to road traffic in the middle of British summer she wasn’t expecting a quiet day in any way. Recent days had consisted of speed checks, roadside checks and motorway surveillance and she had leant the benefits of having plenty of water to stay hydrated in hot weather and remembering to wear sun cream even when inside a car.

Having been off she had no idea of her rota so she signed in and checked the staff rota to see she had been scheduled for a prearranged speed check in a notorious stretch of road but curiously her name had been scored out. Daisy made herself a glass of juice and went looked for her boss finishing her glass of juice as she went.

‘Hey Nick, so am I going with Pete to Crossgate or what? What’s going on?’

‘Oh Daisy! Great to have you back by the way. Tell you what it was, Ikman called in sick this morning so I really need you to head out with George. You’re off for a cruise today Daisy. You’re escorting a wide load to London and back. You take over from South crew in half an hour as they’ve been escorting from Carlisle to here. George has all the details but I’d head out to the yard if I was you ASAP as you’ve a long day ahead. Listen Daisy make sure you two look out for each other. You drive one way and he’ll drive back. Tell him I said so. And remember to drink! It’s a roaster today.’

Daisy headed right back to the kitchen and rinsed her glass before picking up four bottles of water and her packed lunch and heading to the yard. Sure enough George was waiting, looking less than impressed at being with Daisy. George was an older man, traditional in every way, stubborn, well built but dedicated to his family and his favourite football team. Not much of a conversationalist Daisy knew today’s shift would be long and boring but also quite different and far less dangerous than many of the duties she did regularly.

‘Hi George. So what car are we taking? Nick said to say I’ve to drive one way and you the other. You got the keys or do you want me to get them?’

‘You implying I’m not organised woman? It’s me waiting for you not the other way round. Now you do know we need to head now don’t you? You can read the time? I’d much rather I was driving but since Nick wants you to I’ll direct shall I? I don’t expect you have a clue where we are going!’

‘Cool that’s fine.’

George wasn’t expecting Daisy to back down so quickly but he had plenty time left to make his feelings known so he tossed the keys to Daisy and they both got in the car. Daisy adjusted her seat and mirrors and asked professionally if it was the services on the M2 nearby or the ones further away after the motorways merged. George seemed a little less full of bravado now it as just the two of them in the car and he replied simply with ‘M2’ and Daisy started the police car and drove there efficiently.

They couldn’t miss the wide load as it sat idling in the lorry park surrounded by two police cars. It looked like the large roof of some sort of building and both George and Daisy got out to have a walk around and check all was secured safely. The driver of the lorry turned off his engine and jumped down.

‘Just going to have a 15 minute break. Can someone watch the truck?’

Daisy was more than willing to help, determined to prove her worth as always.

George was chatting to his colleagues before they all left Daisy and headed into the services for a bit. Daisy sat in the car sipping water and opened her lunch to have a healthy snack bar. She was excited to get going and glad to see that just ten minutes later the driver was back following by George and the others. A quick wave and duty started. Daisy had her lights on to make sure other drivers were aware of the vehicle in front as she followed behind the load out of the service station and onto the motorway.

George, as expected, wasn’t the best of company but the journey was going fine and Daisy was comfortable and happy for the first couple of hours until she began feeling a little discomfort and tingling signalling her bladder was getting full. Another hour or so until the destination should be ok as she ignored her growing feelings and concentrated on driving.

Half an hour to the location and Daisy was looking forward to stretching her legs and finding a ladies. The lorry indicated to leave the motorway and headed through a town and Daisy followed. George had radioed ahead and arranged for a local vehicle to pick up and now as they approached the first roundabout off the motorway they could see flashing lights waiting to do the front run allowing them to remain at the back.

Twenty minutes later and they were in the middle of a building site where the lorry pulled in ready to have it’s wide load removed. It appeared to Daisy that it was a site full of self build houses but unfortunately there was no obvious toilets so she reluctantly parked up and got out, as did George.

The lorry parked up and the driver dismounted and thanked Daisy and George for their escort before waving to the local car which immediately drove off. Daisy had a good look around for a place to find a toilet but all there was were incomplete houses at various stages of development and nothing else. She decided to just get back into the car, this time in the passenger seat and wait for George who was chatting a bit to the lorry driver.

As George got back into the car, adjusting the seat and mirrors he noticed Daisy had opened her lunch and some water and he followed suit.

‘I’ll set off as soon as we have finished if that’s ok. The wife has a night out tonight and I said I’d watch the kids. I’d like back before 5. Least we won’t need limited to 60 this time. You did ok by the way.’

Daisy wasn’t used to compliments from George so she smiled and nodded. She really wanted to request they pulled into services so she could pee but decided she would ask later on the journey and not annoy George when he was finally being pleasant for once. He seemed pretty decent and she knew all about wanting to be home for family as she really wanted home to her own son too. Plus the journey back ought to be quicker than the three hours down at least.

They both finished their lunch with the car doors open due to the heat and Daisy finished her water easily. Within twenty minutes they were back on the road and heading home. This time without lights on but at least driving a little faster. It always amazed Daisy how few other drivers overtook a police car on the road even without lights on.

Twenty minutes into the drive and Daisy was growing increasingly uncomfortable. She crossed her legs as best she could with a seat belt on and made light chat about making good time and that the next services were around 10 miles away.

‘What did you reckon about maybe stopping for a quick break George?’

Daisy didn’t want to mention why. She didn’t want to appear weak in front of her colleague or indicate that anything was wrong. She hadn’t seen George use a bathroom though perhaps he had right at the start when he went into the services but that was over three hours ago. Surely he would benefit from a bathroom break too? She certainly wasn’t going to suggest it unless he did but she did want to hint that pulling in would be a good idea.

‘That’s just ten minutes away. I think the next ones might be better, if we stop at all that is. As I said I’m keen to get back today. Keep the wife sweet and all that.’

‘Yes of course’

Daisy sat upright and tightened her muscles determined to wait out as long as needed. She was a police officer and had to set an example plus it was t the first time she had had to hold a full bladder for quite some time on a shift.

The mikes to the services counted down but George sped past the turn off at 70 miles per hour as Daisy sighed inwardly. She shuffled in her seat more and crossed her legs as nonchalantly as possible. As a sign for the next services she tried another hint.

‘I don’t know about you but I could so go a cup of coffee.’

‘Sound great. Just an. Hour and forty minutes and we’ll be at the station now. Might just get one in before we clock off at this rate.’

‘We’re making good time. Well you are I mean. A break for a cuppa might be nice.’

‘I’d rather keep going if you don’t mind. The misses gets cranky if I’m late and I owe her. I promised her I’d have the kids tonight plus there’s a game on tonight. I’ sure you can have a cuppa at the station. There’s water in the footwell if your thirsty.’

Thirst wasn’t really Daisy’s problem but o embarrassed to admit otherwise she opened a bottle and had a few sips to play along. Her bladder was hard now and pushing for release and it was getting harder and harder to sit still. Daisy had been beefing a bathroom for approximately two hours now and it was getting to the point she would have to say. Her uniform belt was digging into her bladder as she moved her hands to the top of her thighs and leaned forward.

They oases a sign saying 7 miles to the next services. Daisy tried another tactic.

‘Do you reckon we should refill the petrol before getting back? We’ve done a ton of miles today.’

‘Nah. She’s sitting at half a tank. More than enough to get us back.’

Daisy mind was racing, her heart pounding, her bladder aching, her urethra hammering against her cotton underpants sending waves of desperation across her full body. Maybe she should just swallow her pride and admit her issue.

‘George I could really do with stretching my legs. I can feel them cramping up. do you think you would be good enough to pull into the seizes a minute?’

‘What about pulling your seat back? You’re not that tall so you could stretch your legs out that way to help with the cramp?’

Daisy pulled her chair back as far as t could go and stretched her legs out. She bounced her ankles with her uniform black steel toe cap shoes on the floor if he car more and more desperate for a ladies. It was now after 3pm and she hadn’t been near a bathroom since she had woken that morning.

Another sign with just three miles to the services, though George was driving fast and now in the outer most lane. Daisy swallowed her pride and decided it was now or never.

‘It’s been a long hit day and I’ve had a lo to drink. I could do with a trip to the ladies. Could we maybe pull in at these services please? I’ll be super quick.’

‘You’re as bad as the wife. What are you woman like! Have you never heard of holding it in?’

Daisy was red faced and embarrassed but she’d asked now so she had nothing left to lose. Besides her hand was every so close to holding herself as she leaned forward, clenched her muscles and rocked as subtly as possible. Wriggling and sweating she muttered under her breath.

‘Actually I’ve been needing to go since about an hour before we reached the new build housing area. I looked for a ladies there but there wasn’t one. I needed right through lunch then for the last two hours while you have been driving. I only asked now because I’m absolutely bursting now and I can’t get comfortable. I’m really desperate George. Seriously.’

To her surprise George seemed to soften and indicated to pull over one lane then another continuing to head for the up and coming services. Having admitted her need now Daisy squirmed more and pulled her legs up towards herself. She could feel little leaks in her knickers but so far she was managing somehow to Ho,d back the huge damn inside herself.

George pulled in and parked up before turning toward Daisy in amazement.

‘Have you seriously been bursting THAT long Daisy? I had no idea.’

‘Yes. Yes I have. I’ll be back in five minutes.’

George watched in awe as Daisy gave herself a squeeze between the legs in the car and moaned yet once out of the car she oozed calm and professionalism and walked calmly into the services and out of sight.

Alone in the car George found himself very aroused. He’d seen a side to Daisy that impressed him greatly. Fir all his years in the service he’d never seen another officer conceal such an urgent personal need in the way Daisy had without ever admitting it. She’d proved herself in his eyes and he’d never see her the same way again.

George pushed his election down as best he could as he watched Daisy return and get back in the car.

‘God I thought I’d never stop peeing there! I can’t remember the last time I had to go that bad. I remember once needing it for ages doing a speed trap for hours, then there was the time I was in a long interview and bursting to go, and another time on duty at a big racing event. This job makes it hard to go when you need to doesn’t it.’

George was more erect than ever as he tried to continue driving. The next hour went quickly as he shared time after time in his 21 years in the job when he’d had to piss badly but couldn’t go. Each story he shared backed by a similar experience of Daisy’s and each story making him more and more aroused.

As they pulled into the station George found it was him having to excuse himself rather urgently as he needed a rather urgent release in private in more than one way.

‘No problem George. I’m gasping for a cuppa anyway. See you later in the week.’

*037*2019-06-03 23:27

September: the train driver

Max had been driving trains for a number of years. He’d worked up the ladder from entry level in the train company and was satisfied with where he was. His wife liked the money and he was sure she quite enjoyed him being away for days at a time too as he drove the virgin east coast mainline and would work one day, stay overnight in London, back home the next and do this for six days before having two off. His wife still worked full time and his only daughter had moved out to university. Max was in his early fifties though work, fatherhood and an active lifestyle kept him fit and healthy.

He’d just had two days off, his weekend, though it rarely ever actually landed at the weekend, and he’d enjoyed seeing mates at the pub, having a meal out with the wife and even having a swim at the private gym. Still he wasn’t too bothered about returning to work, though he was aware of some planned engineering works on his line.

Max left the house early and by 7:30am he was in the bothy in one of the cities many stations having a coffee and skimming though the newspaper before his train was cleaned and checked and he could do his own driver checks before allowing the passengers to get on. Even so early midweek the station was mobbed and Max did a quick check on the staff computer to see that his train was fully booked, over booked in fact, and it looked like a lot of passengers would be standing for the long journey. Schools had returned, universities were recommencing and it was prime commuter time of the year. Max never had understood why network rail chose early autumn to undertake large scale engineering projects but it happened every year. Sure enough his train was showing delays though Max was pleased to see the actual route wasn’t changed. He may just have to reduce his speed at places and wait at some signals that otherwise were always green.

Max finished his coffee, picked up his backpack and made his way to platform 2 were he was waved on by station staff. He sat his bag down in the driver’s cabin and walked down the train doing all his usual checks. He sighed to see that one of the two onboard toilets had the customary sign saying ‘out of order’ and he wondered when Virgin would be replacing their rolling stock. ‘They’ll be rolling these things to the scrap heap before they ever replace them!’ He said to himself as he checked the little bins had been emptied and the train was as clean as possible with all the right reserved seat tickets on each seat. As he walked through the carriage divide he said a cheery hi to the buffet staff and he was amazed to find the second toilet, at the end of a long six carriage intercity long distance train appeared to be working. ‘And they wonder why the seats get covered in piss...’ he muttered as he walked the full length back to the driver’s cabin.

With ten minutes before doors opened Max fished out a bottle of still juice from his backpack and drank some. It wasn’t always possible, at leat at the start of the run, to get a chance to eat or drink so he’d learnt to take every opportunity he could. He did a quick check of the driver’s cabin before opening his window and giving a signal to station staff that all was good for passengers to get on board. As he did he could hear the loud announcement being made that the 8:10 Edinburgh Haymarket to London Euston was at platform 2 and not to board unless you had a ticket. Max had some more to drink and searched for a biscuit to fuel his energy before starting his journey. He recalled how not that long ago there would have been two drivers for safety but cost cutting some years ago has meant there was only one. It made for an intensive five and a half hour journey.

The train was incredibly busy but Max pulled out the station exactly on time, as he prided himself on doing day in and day out. The first couple of hours passed quickly on his own as he pulled into the first station. As doors clattered open and passengers disembarked and came on board Max heard the familiar sound of more station announcements. As he checked down the length of the train to make sure every door was closed and to see the flag from station staff indicating he was safe to pull out Max couldn’t help but see the station toilets, making him realise he actually could do with having a pee. However facing forwards and paying attention to complicated points as he crossed lines with a slight tilt he reasoned it was probably all just his imagination.

As the journey settled into an ease Max attempted to use the on board announcements but found that this, like a good few other items, was broken and useless. He put it down and startled as the door opened and the ticket inspector walked in.

‘Hi Jackie. How’s things?’

‘It’s manic Max. Honestly I have no idea what’s the deal today but I can hardly walk down the train it’s that bad. There’s a queue at the buffet and an even bigger queue at the back for the one toilet. I’m actually hoping that eases in a bit as I could go a pee myself. Anyway, how you doing mate? How’s the wife?’

‘All good here. Quiet few days off there but heading to Dundee next week to see the daughter. Crazy that’s her second year at uni already! Bit fed up with this old rolling stock mind you...so much for that ‘investment’ they keep promising eh!’

‘Shhh. Best not talk about that. I read the latest plans are to have these things driverless. Outrageous isn’t it!’

‘Geez.’

‘Right I’m away to see if I can use that loo yet. Talk soon.’

All the talk of toilets reminded Max that it wasn’t his imagination after all. As the line steadied forward at a standard pace Max checked the automatic settings and dug in his bag for a sandwich and a drink. He hadn’t eaten for hours and his stomach was reminding him of that fact. The familiar buzz of green signals meant he had his hands free to eat and drink before they reached the next station in the midlands, almost two thirds of the way. By the time the next station was close Max had finished his juice from earlier and eaten a sandwich from home. He was looking forward to a hot meal tonight in the hotel. He was also looking forward to using the gents but he had quite a wait yet as there was still just over two hours until London. Max did this journey so often and pretty much always arrived bursting so he wasn’t particularly worried.

Except he had forgotten those damn engineering works!

Soon after leaving the midlands overhead signs and amber signals alerted Max to the fact today’s journey would be a bit longer than others. Jackie must have realised too as once again she popped in, though Max was concentrating more so had to talk without facial contact. Even so he could tell she was stressed and flustered.

‘I’d forgotten about these stupid engineering works! Like I don’t have enough troubles today!’

‘What’s up Jackie? You ok?’

‘Well there’s some guy shouting at me that someone is on his booked seat, there’s a baby in the third carriage won’t stop crying meaning the whole carriage is screaming at me, the buffet haven’t enough food and to top it all I’m bursting for a wee and the toilet always has a stupid long queue!’

Without taking his eyes off the track Max sighed.

‘I take it you sorted the seat thing? Not much we can do about the baby. The buffet is just too many passengers and if the toilet this end wasn’t out of order then that would have helped with your bladder situation. Will you be ok?’

With his speed reduced Max glanced at Jackie in her black work skirt, nylon tights, silk blouse and Virgin tie as she paced about from foot to foot. He felt a little jealous he couldn’t do the same as his penis tingled with his own need but he couldn’t help but feel a little excited to see a young female doing a cute pee dance too. Mostly though he felt sorry for his colleague as she’d mentioned over half an hour ago that she had to go and her need had clearly been steadily increasing.

‘I’ll not last til London anyway. I’m going to see if I can head back down but could you just look ahead a minute so I can compose myself before I go. It’s so embarrassing being like this.’

‘Of course. Do what you need to do. Don’t mind me.’

Max didn’t look but the rustling of nylon and the clicking of shoes on the floor made him sure that Jackie was having a good squeeze between her legs and a good dance about. Her soft moans combined with the knowledge she was bursting aroused him greatly but thankfully Jackie was too preoccupied to see. At least being fairly erect was a good distraction from his own growing need. He still could really do with a good piss but other more sexual thoughts were wizzing in his mind too. He refocused on driving the train and head the door click loudly as gravity sprung it closed behind Jackie. His mind went into overdrive thinking of his colleague very desperate for a toilet and not only having to push through six very busy carriages but then most likely wait it a queue too. She looked and sounded very bursting and Max started thinking of thoughts he really shouldn’t have. He gave himself a little rub but that made things worse so he tried to clear his mind and think more about driving.

It was over twenty minutes later, still half an hour before the next station, before Jackie returned. Max was desperate to ask her if she had made it but he was also rather preoccupied with his own bladder as he shifted around in the seat struggling to get comfortable. They should have been arriving in Euston in around an hour but with reduced speed on the track they had gained another half hour and Max felt the passengers really ought to know. He tried getting the internal speaker to work again just as Jackie walked through the door.

‘I was just thinking we should really inform he passengers Max. I’ve been asked loads already what time we are expected in London. Oh when I passed the buffet they handed me a couple of coffees since we are so busy today. I brought you one. Hope that’s ok?’

‘Cheers Jackie. I was just thinking I could go a coffee. You any idea if this is fixable? I need to get back to the driving.’

Jackie picked up the speaker and hammered her hand on the table right next to it as the button suddenly lit up and she laughed. As Max turned to ask if she would do the announcement he was sure he could see a wet patch on the back of her skirt, or maybe it was just a shadow?

‘You want me to be the bearer of bad news for our lovely passengers?’

‘If you don’t mind’

Truth be known Max was glad that Jackie wasn’t facing him as he stood up and moved from foot to foot as he sipped his coffee. He hoped he could wait until London but he was struggling. At least it looked like the speed restrictions were ending soon. Max gave himself a brief rub and tried sitting down again as they approached another station, the last before the terminus. Clattering of doors, station announcements and loud voices and footsteps hid the noise of Max’s soft moans as he leaned it the window checking the length of the train whilst squeezing his penis. If on,y there was time to jump out and use a bathroom but there definitely wasn’t as the whistle sounded and the flag flew indicating for Max to move out again. With a green signal and time to make up Max gained speed quickly on the straight track longing to get to London and use a bathroom. He’d forgotten all about Jackie being there until she said ‘wish me luck for my last round of tickets. I hope it’s eased a bit out there!’

‘Not long now’ was all Max could muster, as much as a promise to himself than to his colleague.

Max was struggling. He had rather foolishly finished the coffee Jackie had brought him and on top of everything else it had pushed his bladder near its limit. He loosened the belt on his trousers a notch and squeezed his penis again as it tingled constantly. He stood up and marched on the spot. He leaned forwards, all the while still driving the train. He sat on the edge of the seat. He bounced and squirmed around. But nothing much helped and all he wanted to do was use a toilet which he knew was on the train but he couldn’t leave the rivers cabin to use it. He cursed his employer for cutbacks to one driver and for their assumption that a five and a half hour shift with no break was acceptable. He was pacing from foot to foot and squeezing himself with just twenty minutes until arrival when he heard a voice from behind him.

‘Goodness Max. You ok’

‘Emmm. Oh. It’s embarrassing.’

‘Can you wait until Euston do you think?’

‘I’m bursting!’

Max sat on the seat gripping his penis in one hand as he drove the train with the other over various sets of points as the train grew nearer the station but with still fifteen minutes until arrival and then the passengers would need to leave before he could. He rocked and moaned absolutely desperate and so close to pissing himself, tears forming in his eyes.

‘You must be so full. You must feel like you are about to burst. It’s terrible that you can’t go at all your full shift. I bet you must have been holding it for ages.’

Max tried to focus on driving but his entire body only wanted one thing.

‘I fucking need to piss so badly Jackie. Oh my God I’m not gonna make it!’

‘Just concentrate on driving and ignore me Max’

Jackie pulled Max’s seat back as Max held his penis in a death grip as he squirmed desperately and moaned. Meanwhile Jackie took the lid off the coffee cup, knelt down in her black skirt and nylon flesh tights and silk blouse under Max as she held the polystyrene cup as close to Max’s crotch as she could leaning in from behind him.

‘Oh. Mmmm. I’m leaking. Come to the front quickly!’

Jackie crawled between Max’s legs and turned, looking face on to his crotch as a small wet patch appeared at the end of where his fingers were grabbing.

‘Keep driving Max. You’ll be fine. Trust me.’

Jackie unclipped Max’s belt, undid his fly and reached her hand in all within 30 seconds then held the cup up and firmly but gently places Max’ pulsing penis into the cup as urine splashed out fast.

‘You just drive Max. But stop when I say ok.’

‘I can’t stop the train yet Jackie!’

‘Not the train silly! Your piss! Now stop! You’re at the top already! Max stop!’

‘Fuck! That hasn’t even touched it. I’m still absolutely bursting!’

‘I know but look. Just five more minutes and you can stop driving then we get the others off and you can get to a toilet. If it’s any consolation I didn’t fully make it either. I’m not sure all the passengers did either!’

Jackie placed the coffee cup on the floor while she tucked Max’s member back into his wet underwear though she could feel how badly he still had to go. Max grabbed his dick tightly.

‘I have to piss. I have to piss so much. I’ve been holding hours and I could piss for England.’

Max pulled on the brakes as the train approached the buffer end, still with his belt undone and fly open. He looked out the window to the platform crew to show it was safe for the doors to open, still with one hand tightly holding his dick, still absolutely dying for the gents.

Jackie stood up, straightened her uniform and pushed the lid on the coffee cup. Max zipped up and did his belt up loosely still dancing franticly.

‘Jackie thanks. God I need to piss still but that helped. Sorry I acted like an idiot. Oh hurry up before I piss myself people!’

‘Honestly you are fine. I wasn’t any better earlier was I! Now let’s get out of here before you flood the place.’

‘I’m not waiting any longer!’

Max grabbed his backpack and opened the driver’s door as he ran as fast as he could to the main central area and into the gents where he dashed to the first available urinal and leaned against the wall pissing contentedly for well over a minute as his mind replayed the hottest, sexiest shift he’d ever encountered and probably ever would.

*042*2019-06-06 00:37

October: the mortgage advisor

Nadia, like most people, had aspects of her job she wasn’t keen on. Overall though she enjoyed it and had a sense of satisfaction helping people secure loans in order to buy property. It was cut throat and sometimes stressful when she felt clients ought to easily find a mortgage only to find lenders didn’t share her enthusiasm and she was the one left to break the news to people she had spent hours asking very personal financial questions. That was one of the parts she didn’t like, plus the fact despite being independent and able to offer a wider and better range of products, so many potential customers were fooled into taking what they thought was the easy option using their own personal banks or attempting it all online themselves. The latter was proving more and more popular and becoming a thorn in Nadia’s flesh. How she wished she could convince people that not everything on the internet was valid or real.

However, at least she had a couple of clients to meet with today, one through her friend who was an estate agent locally and one who had contacted her directly via the company website. Every lead was valuable and precious with political uneasiness surrounding Brexit and Nadia had noticed a big decline in confidence in the market leading to less people applying for mortgages. Her company kept reassuring her but Nadia remained anxious.

Nadia dressed to impress in her smart brown trousers which accentuated her darker skin and mustard blouse. She tied her long black hair back in a pleat that came over her shoulders at one side and rested across her breast and down her front, spent a while doing her make up and then added extra touches with gold hooped earrings and a bunch of bracelets. She finished her tea, wiped the lipstick from her mug and placed it in the sink then headed to the office before meeting her first clients.

Morgan’s financial services was based in the city centre on the fourteenth floor of a modern office block. Nadia swiped into the building, took the lift to the 14th floor and entered Morgan’s where she walked to her desk in the open plan office and opened her laptop. She wasn’t the only mortgage adviser the company had but she had been there the longest. While her laptop booted up she walked over to the kitchen area and turned on the kettle. The start of every day was a team meeting and Nadia needed tea to help her through it.

45 minutes later, her cup empty and the meeting over, Nadia rinsed her cup, picked up her laptop quickly and headed out to meet her clients. She was behind in her targets, everyone in the company was, and lenders were pulling products quicker than she’d ever known. The market was unstable and volatile but Nadia needed paid so it was up to her to get this client signed and a product found for them. There was a lot at stake.

Nadia set her sat nav and arrived right on time. A youngish couple renting a small flat had been browsing properties and found one they really wanted. Nadia was either going to make or break their dream and before she’d even began their assessment she could sense their excitement. They were in love with the house they had been to view and they wanted to put an offer in right away. Nadia could sense their naivety and over eagerness and tried to calm them to find out if they really had the ability to afford their dream.

One thing people often didn’t realise was how long a full mortgage assessment lasted. Nadia sensed this was the case here as Martin and Hayley produced recent wage slips and bank statements and seemed to think this was all that Nadia needed. Twenty minutes into the visit and they seemed quiet, subdued and bored. As Nadia asked question after question to Martin going right through his full employment history since leaving school Hayley left the room, coming back with a plate of biscuits and a tray with mugs, milk, sugar and a kettle of boiled water.Social etiquette persuaded Nadia to accept another tea, though her bladder was already feeling the effects of her two previous mugs. She sipped at her tea while continuing her questions. Martin seemed flustered at a few points, unsure of dates or exact reasons why he changed employers. Nadia wrote on a pad a list of things for him to find out including sourcing official paperwork going back the last ten years, but especially the last five.

Now it was Hayley’s turn and Nadia crossed her legs before beginning her financial assessment as her bladder signalled it would prefer relief to more talking. Hayley was even more disorganised than Martin, struggling to even recall the year she finished school never mind her full employment history. She had some wage slips, but not all, and when it came to expenses she had no idea how much she spent a week on things like food, entertainment or travel.

Half an hour later and Nadia had finished her third mug of tea and she was feeling increasingly uncomfortable not only with her very full bladder but at the thought of trying to find a match lender for her current clients. Now she had the hardest and most awkward part of her assessment and it seemed very inappropriate to ask to use the clients bathroom as the atmosphere was now a little cold and uncertain. Nadia could tell she had burst a huge bubble and that both Martin and Hayley were beginning to understand that their dream may be about to crash. However she wanted to give them hope.

‘I’m sorry to sound intrusive but unfortunately these questions need asked as part of your financial assessment so please bear with me. Can I ask, firstly, how long have you been together as a couple?’

Hayley and Martin looked at each other and smiled before Hayley said enthusiastically, ‘three years this coming weekend!’

‘Thanks. And again sorry to have to ask this but do you see yourselves still being together in five years?’

Martin slipped his arm around Hayley’s. ‘Absolutely’ he replied confidently.

Unfortunately Nadia knew this may not be enough for a lender in the current climate so she had to keep on asking more, despite the fact her bladder was objecting.

‘Do you have separate bank accounts or a joint account?’

Hayley answered without hesitation. ‘We each have our own account and we would rather it stayed that way. Is it mandatory to have a joint account then?’

‘No. Not necessarily, especially currently, though it just means I need to send a lot more bank statements to prove both accounts are in credit, both managed well and that you have what it takes to not just pay the mortgage repayments but meet all your other financial commitments too.’

Nadia made a list on a pad of everything the couple needed to find, produce or get copies off. It was much longer than the couple anticipated but she wanted to leave giving them hope. She wanted to leave full stop actually as she longed to get back to the office to use the ladies. Nadia shuffled in the arm chair as she finalised some things on her laptop.

‘So provisionally, adding legal fees, financial fees, insurance and the cost of moving into the initial price of this property you would be looking at a basic mortgage of around £149 thousand. Taking into account your 20% deposit and assuming a full 25 year mortgage at a fixed rate you would provisionally be looking at repayments of around the £640 a month mark. How does that sound?’

Hayley and Martin looked at each other again and Martin kissed Hayley on the cheek affectionately.

‘That sounds very do-able. It’s less than we pay for here! That’s incredible.’

Nadia could sense their excitement again. Her own body sensed it too somehow as she found herself having to tighten her muscles and straighten her back as her personal areas tingled with her need to pee. She really needed to wind down her visit and head back to the office.

‘So what happens now is that I will provisionally start looking at lenders but meanwhile you both need to look out all this information for me. I must stress that at this point nothing is guaranteed but if you are able to supply all the necessary paperwork and lenders are satisfied at my assessment you could be able to put a bid in on the property you want as early as next week. However, the market is very unsettled at present and it’s harder than ever to secure lending so please bare with me and I’ll call you back at the start of next week. Any questions you can call me or email and I will get back to you as soon as I can. If you could fax the paperwork to my office or attach via email then the sooner the better. Are you ok about that?’

Nadia handed the couple her business card as she closed over her laptop, thanked them for their hospitality and headed towards the door. The flat was small and Nadia bit her lip as she saw the bathroom door ajar, wishing she had the courage to ask to use it but finding herself heading towards the main door as professionally as she could.

Once in the privacy of her car Nadia moaned and bounced around more desperate than ever. Uncertainty filled her mind as she tried to think which lender might possibly lend to first time buyers with a less than perfect employment history. It wasn’t the only thing she was uncertain about either as she clenched her kegal muscles tight to fight against the constant pounding of her urethra. As she fastened her seat belt she mentally thought about the route back to the city trying to think if she had noticed any petrol stations or supermarkets that had public toilets. She really needed to find one very soon.

She hadn’t even pulled out of the car park when her mobile rang. Nadia pulled back into a parking space, sighing loudly as she clicked answer on her car screen. It was a well known lender who she couldn’t afford to miss so reluctantly she listened as he spoke about another client and what they could offer. Nadia was really keen to drive off and find a toilet but as the lender fees made up a chunk of her income she could ill afford to cut the call off. She placed a hand between her legs and trued to give the call all her attention despite her body screaming to release the contents of her bladder.

By the time the call ended Nadia was so desperate she could barely think! She moaned and voiced her need despite being alone.

‘Oh my God I so need to pee right now. This is a nightmare!’

She wriggled and tensed all she could behind the restraints of the steering wheel as she decided to head back to the office as quick as she could. She figured looking for a supermarket or garage would just delay her even more and every second mattered. She turned her engine back on and drove towards the city. Lunchtime traffic meant more vehicles and Nadia wriggled and squirmed in her car, moaning and holding herself at every hold up. She could barely recall having to go this badly, though she’d had to pee many times at clients houses but never quite this bad. Tiny droplets were right at the very edge of her urethra as it battered and throbbed against her pants relentlessly begging for release.

‘Oh dear Allah do I have to pee! This is so urgent!’

Nadia was never so pleased to see her office building in the distance though the thought of finally reaching the toilets almost caused her to burst as she drove. She was frantic, sweating, squirming, bouncing and shouting at traffic to move so she didn’t pee herself.

Thankfully she made it to the car park and after turning her engine off she wedged both hands into the crotch of her smart trousers and rocked to gain a little control. She still had to get to the 14th floor and to the ladies! She grabbed her laptop bag and handbag and climbed out the car, her legs constantly moving and bending to contain the huge flood in her bladder. Nadia ran as fast as she could to the door as she stood there pacing frantically from foot to foot kicking her legs behind her and bouncing while rummaging in her hand bag for her entry card. Sweat poured from her forehead smudging her make up as Nadia bit her lip hard and bent forward finally gaining access to the building.

She hobbled over to the lifts pressing the up arrow whilst continually moving from foot to foot and bouncing on her heels. She could barely believe how desperate she was as all the tea from earlier sloshed inside her. She moaned softly as her heels clicked on the tiled floor rhythmically. She was so consumed with her own struggle she never noticed her colleague Mustaq run over and join her as the lift doors opened. Nadia rushed bending a knee with a leg behind her and pushing one foot against the back of the lift. Mustaq seemed unusually quiet and distracted as Nadia felt her face redden with embarrassment as she pressed for level 14.

‘Busy morning?’ She said trying to act like everything was normal despite being less than a minute away from pissing herself.

‘Too busy! Not even had a minute to piss!’

‘Me neither! Morning tea gone right through me too. Wish this lift would hurry up!’

‘Me too!’

Nadia could no longer hide the fact she was close to wetting as she danced around in the lift with one hand clutched between her legs, though she noticed Mustaq had one hand very tightly on a similar area.

‘Sorry about this. Im absolutely bursting!’

‘Me too! Been bursting the whole drive here. Never been so glad to see this lift all my life!’

‘Nearly there. Oh goodness hurry up. I’m dribbling!’

Mustaq bent forward and moaned. ‘Me too!’

As the doors opened on level 14 Nadia searched for her pin card. ‘Ohhhhh. I so need the toilet!’

Mustaq hobbled out with Nadia right behind. Mustaq swiped his card into the door and pushed it open as they both entered the large open plan office and headed straight for the bathrooms. Everyone could see them as they both tried to act as professional and normal whilst urgently making their way to the ladies and gents in the far corner. Nadia’s face was red, her body sweating and her muscles barely controlling the contents of her bladder. Mustaq’s pace suddenly increased to a sprint as Nadia assumed his body was not for waiting a second longer. The walk from the office entrance to the toilets had never seemed so long in her life! She dropped her laptop case and sprinted behind her colleague as her knickers dampened with drops of urine her body could no longer contain. She knew she was being watched but she had no choice now as the closer she got to the ladies the more her body pleaded to pee.

As Mustaq disappeared into the gents still holding himself Nadia pushed open the ladies door with her bottom as her hand stayed tightly between her legs. She pushed open a cubicle door in the same manner before tugging at her trousers and wet pants and pulling them down as a dribble shot out from her aching urethra and splashed into the toilet. As warm pee continued to flow Nadia relaxed and sat down allowing her body to release everything it needed. Finally it stopped only seconds later to resume again as another huge torrent flowed out steadily.

Nadia sighed with relief. She’d just made it by the skin of her teeth though she couldn’t help but be aroused thinking of her colleague in the gents next door wondering if his underwear was every bit as damp as hers. Wiping herself dry she wasn’t overly surprised to feel a whole lot of slippery mucus on the paper as well as dribbles of urine.

There were a few parts of her job she wasn’t fond of but holding her bladder for long periods wasn’t always one of them. Seeing a fellow colleague in the same state was an added bonus.

*047*2019-06-07 22:47

November: The amazon packer

Ollie lived with his dad who was becoming increasingly annoyed at Ollie’s lack of employment. It wasn’t that Ollie didn’t want to work he just hated interviews and got so nervous he always seemed to fail them. He was sick of being skint and as he wandered along the High Street in a Manchester suburb he found himself standing looking in at an employment agency window. With just seven weeks to Christmas Ollie really needed money so he pushed the door open and took a deep breath.

‘Hi, how can I help you?’

‘I’m looking for a job.’

‘Well you’ve come to the right place. Are you currently available for work?’

‘Yeah’

‘Do you drive?’

‘Nope. But my dad does if that helps?’

‘Ok. Do you have any experience or qualifications?’

Ollie shrugged his shoulders. ‘Not really. It’s fine I’ll look in the job centre. Thanks anyway.’

‘Hold on! Are you serious about working? We do have vacancies if you want to hear more?’

‘I guess so. So do you just add me to your books or what?’

‘Well how about you sit down and I’ll tell you more. Have you got twenty minutes?’

‘Yeah I guess so.’

Half an hour later Ollie left having joined the agency and been told about a full time job in the city. He had to come back with his passport, birth certificate and a recent bill alongside any qualifications he had and they said he could start as soon as next week. Ollie was sceptical but when his dad had yet another shouting match at him that night he looked out the paperwork and returned to the agency the following day.

That Sunday afternoon the agency called to say Ollie could start the following morning. He should bring his ID, wear jogging trousers and short sleeve t-shirt and bring water or a flask of tea or coffee. He was to present at the Amazon fulfilment centre near the airport at 8:30am sharp.

Ollie’s dad was in shock but immensely proud and left Ollie money for a taxi to the centre since he himself had work to go to. Ollie packed a small backpack with snacks, his ID, and plenty to drink and called his taxi at exactly 7:50am. He was standing outside the fulfilment centre five minutes early in the pouring rain with his hood up and jacket zipped up. He was welcomed in as Ollie stood open mouthed at the sheer vastness of the centre and all that he could see and hear. It was loud, fast paced, massive and confusing but exciting and amazing too.

Ollie loved his first shift and within a week settled into the long hours and physical work, returning to his dad’s hungry and exhausted every night. All was going well until Ollie’s team leader was replaced by Jeanette who shouted and pushed her team non stop to beat the targets of other teams, presumably so she could gain extra bonuses. Ollie was new, scared and worried about losing the first job he’d ever really had. He was determined to do all he could to please. He kept a constant eye on the computer screens as he packed box after box of orders balancing speed with efficiency in an attempt to keep his job. After three hours his body and brain were beginning to tire when his computer flashed to say it was his break time and he knew it would restart in exactly half an hours time so he had to be ready to begin again then. Every late order cost the company and ultimately him so there was too much to lose.

Ollie walked briskly to the cafeteria where he was annoyed to see a queue. Today he had a choice between an Indian style curry or a tomato pasta dish. Ollie opted for the curry and a can of juice and he sat down and ate it without chatting to anyone, partly because he hadn’t been there long enough to know anyone and partly because he hardly had time to socialise when he needed back at his station so soon. He emptied the can of juice with his curry and bought a bottle of water which he half drank too before heading back to his work station. He walked past the toilets but never gave them a second thought. He didn’t need to go and he couldn’t risk Jeanette realising if he was late.

He arrived back at his station with one minute to spare and started checking orders and sealing boxes like a machine. The overhead screen showed his average time and Ollie motivated himself by watching it get a fraction of a second quicker all the time. An hour or so later and his back was beginning to ache having been on shift more than five hours. He also needed the loo but he’d never had to ask to go before and had no idea how that worked when the computer continued to show orders one after the other relentlessly. If he went he would miss vital targets and risk his pay so he would just need to wait until his screen flashed to alert him to his next break time.

Ollie tried distracting himself with packing and for a while this helped. Continuously standing was taking its toll now as Ollie’s legs moved about and his attention wavered briefly.

‘Oliver Reagan your target times are dropping. Pay attention!’

Ollie stood up straight and got back to packing though the shock of being shouted at made him need to wee even more. Amazon orders poured in in the pre Christmas rush and leaving, even just for a few minutes, wasn’t possible. Ollie tried ignoring his bladder and pushed himself back to work. Twenty minutes later he was still restless and his stats were slipping again when Jeanette walked over beside him. Despite being right next to him her voice still boomed in his ear.

‘Oliver Reagan, your targets are slipping back again. Did you bring a bottle of water with you today?’

‘Yes miss’

‘Give me your locker key and number and I will go get some for you. You are clearly tiring and water will boost your performance. Now where’s your keys?’

As he peered inside yet another box Oliver put his hand inside his jogger’s pocket and handed his supervisor his locker key, though he knew water wasn’t what he wanted. He hesitated a second thinking of asking for a quick toilet break but before the words were out his mouth Jeanette was shouting again.

‘Eyes on the job Oliver! No need to stop working. You’ll get water in one minute. Now eyes on those boxes. Your targets are slipping again. Get on with it now!’

Ollie knew he had lost his chance but the boxes were backing up and he needed to check them quickly before the whole warehouse machinery melted over his inability to complete his job quickly enough. He crossed his legs briefly and got back to work.

Just three boxes later and Jeanette was back, her shoes clattering off the tiles loudly even above the nose of the conveyer belts.

‘Oliver drink this while I cover you for one minute. Hydration makes the brain faster and will focus you better. Now finish this then take over from me. Quickly.’

Ollie was handed his half full bottle of water. He wasn’t overly thirsty, in fact his body had surplus water it wanted to release already but he did as he was told and gulped down the remains of the bottle as quickly as he could whilst his team leader checked several boxes of orders to be delivered. Ollie was impressed with how quickly Jeanette checked and confirmed each order and he wanted to show he had the same work ethic and ability. He wasn’t going to be shown up by someone of the opposite sex at work even if he did need the loo rather a lot.

Ollie stepped forward handing the empty bottle to Jeanette as she checked the next box and clicked for it to move on. Jeanette watched as he continued to check four more watching his speed on the computer.

‘That’s much better! Keep that up! I’ve been telling senior management that one of our biggest issues is employees not drinking enough and you have just proved it. Now keep that up!’

Ollie focused on the never ending stream of boxes checking them and pressing correct time after time. He had no time to think about his bladder even if it was fighting for his attention.

Ollie wasn’t even aware how much he was moving until he felt himself getting warmer. He wasn’t sure how long he had been working but suddenly he had a very strong urge to pee that wasn’t going away no matter how much he tried to ignore it. He was bursting and had been for quite some time but the conveyer belt just kept on moving. He rubbed himself briefly to prevent himself pissing and did something he had never had the courage to do before: he pressed the assistance required button. Jeanette wasn’t impressed as she marched over shouting his name.

‘Oliver Reagan what is wrong now?’

‘Could I be excused for a quick bathroom break please?’

‘Absolutely not! This isn’t school and we can’t just leave our stations to wander to the bathrooms whenever we get bored! Now stop wasting time and get these boxes sorted. They are backing up again! And your times are getting slower.’

As she walked away Ollie reddened with embarrassment. He only hoped his computer would flash with a break soon. He was really needing to piss but there just wasn’t a chance to go.

Ollie tried packing more but finding goods was proving harder as he struggled with spasm after spasm from his bladder. He couldn’t help but hold his member for longer and longer periods as he wrestled with an urgent desire to use the toilets.

After just 8 minutes Ollie was angry and frustrated. He could hardly do his job now as he danced and wriggled and squirmed trying to hold back such a strong need to urinate. He knew what the answer might be but he had no other option but to press his assistance required button again. Once again Jeanette matched over, this time even more angry than before.

‘I’m really sorry. I can’t wait. Please can I run to the gents? It’s urgent!’

This time Jeanette wasn’t in the mood to argue. She simply replied with a loud and sharp ‘no!’ then walked away.

Ollie wanted to cry. He couldn’t recall ever having to go so badly. He was bouncing on his feet and openly cupping himself pinching, squeezing and rubbing as he could feel his penis throb and ache with desire to release. He didn’t know how he could hang on much longer let alone work.

He wasn’t sure what to do but with four boxes now banging together in the belt waiting to be packed and checked he tried to find the right products and place them in the boxes as fast as he could. He didn’t want to lose his job but equally he ached to piss on a level he hadn’t experienced ever before. He was past caring who could see him.

But he had been denied going twice and he had no choice but to hold.

As he read another list of items and located the first one Ollie walked the few steps to the conveyer belt to place it in the box when his bladder sent its strongest signal yet and warm pee seeped out of his member and down his crotch and legs. Ollie muttered to himself ‘gotta hold. Gotta keep holding’ but despite clutching himself as tight as he could it was all in vain as urine continued to pour down his legs and form a warm steaming puddle on the floor. Ollie froze as his pee refused to stop as his body gave in after a prolonged fight, the sense of relief etched right across Ollie’s face.

He wasn’t about to buzz again so with soaking wet trousers and a puddle at his feet Ollie worked on until his computer flashed with his next break where he walked to the gents for paper towels and cleaned up the puddle of pee before anyone saw.

Unfortunately his trousers were obviously pee soaked and there wasn’t anything he could do about that. That would take a hell of a lot of explaining to his dad when he was picked up in 90 minutes time.

*048*2019-06-08 00:10

December: the translator

Lynne showed her ID and was patted down by security as he bag was X-rayed as if she was at some major airport instead of the political EU conference where she was one of the key translators at this years summit. Quiet, unassuming and highly professional Lynne had proven her worth both as a person and a translator. Years of studying and a lot of luck on her side had helped her secure a major contract at this years EU summit in Brussels where she was just about to start her second day.

Lynne had found her throat drying quickly the previous day so she had requested more water today. The room was warm, especially enclosed in her private booth alongside the other translators as each booth translated each speech into another language enabling every attendee to understand. It was hard work but such a privilege to be part of a a huge career boost.

Lynne entered her booth and placed her earphones on to check sound levels and tapped on her microphone to make sure it was working well. She had a number of key ministers listening to her later and it was important to be heard clearly. She was translating from French to English and English to French, both on the same day. She had no preprepared speeches she could give time to translate though she had been given a copy of the opening words so prepare in French and a general overview of what the politicians should be discussing that day. This enabled some preparation on the subject but not much.

Lynne watched from her viewing window as every other booth filled with fellow translators and delegates filed into their named seats. She poured herself a glass of water from the large jug in front of her and cleared her throat. She didn’t have long to wait as the summit was officially opened and each translator repeated the lines to delegates from around the world in their native language. Lynne listened carefully and spoke clearly in French as the speaker paused to allow every translator to do their job.

The booth was warm as Lynne had a short break. She removed her cardigan and drank some more water. Then for the next hour she worked intently concentrating hard and making sure she spoke clear and slowly so every delegate could understand. Her voice was drying again so she finished her glass and poured yet more water. Nerves made her feel thirsty, combined with the warmth and sense of being enclosed.

There was a lot going on all the time with Lynne flicking from French to English and back frequently. A few hours passed and Lynne was tiring. Thankfully she had a lull where she could rest a little though for security and so as to avoid any disturbances she was forbidden to leave the booth until the summit ended.

Lynne crosses her legs as a slight need to pee crossed her mind. She’d go to the ladies when she could but that wasn’t right now.

With a respected and well known French politician now standing to speak Lynne pulled on her headset quickly and got back to work. An hour and ten minutes passed quickly and Lynne was once again appreciative of the short break. As she sipped more water to keep her mouth moist her knee bounced under the table. Surely it would be long until lunch and she could run to the ladies?

For now though it was back to work as the summit continued and politicians debated. Lynne looked along at the other booths wondering if any of her colleagues were also needing a bathroom break? Now she had her legs crossed as her muscles were clenched together as her bladder filled more and more.

Lynne couldn’t believe how long the summit dragged on as noon came and went and still no break in sight. She wriggled a bit and continued to voice her knee grateful for the privacy of her translating booth but waiting eagerly for release too.

Quarter last twelve and still they debated.

Half last twelve and still no sign if it abating.

Lynne was getting more and more uncomfortable, sweating more and moving more. Her jug of water almost empty but her bladder very full.

She bounced her knees. She crossed her legs. She sat on her foot. She wriggled and squirmed. She straightened her back and leaned forward. She sat right in the edge if her seat and wedged the rim between her legs. She rocked.

But still the summit continued on and still she had to translate and remain in her booth.

12:45. Still no break imminent.

Lynne resorted to holding between her legs regardless how undignified she was, thankful for the fact she couldn’t be seen, or so she hoped.

Ten past one. Still they were talking and still poor Lynne had to work.

They had to finish soon surely? She couldn’t possibly be the only one desperate for a bathroom visit?

Lynne decided to try and distract herself and her aching bladder by looking at the large amount of delegates and scanning each one for any signs that they were, like her, quite in need of the facilities. It wasn’t difficult to spot a few men who seemed anxious and fidgety and a few woman who seemed flushed and antsy. Imagining others bursting was the only thing helping Lynne hold as she felt less alone in her difficult situation.

Lynne tried standing. She moved around in her booth and bobbed on the spot. She pushed against her table and crossed her legs. She danced. She wriggled. She squirmed. She tried sitting again scissoring her legs in an out quickly as her urethra throbbed intently.

Unable to moan or speak other than to translate Lynne had to bite on her hand to stop herself moaning as she sat with a hand between her tightly crossed legs. She’d been holding fir absolutely ages and seriously bursting.

Finally as 1:30 fast approached Lynne translated to French, ‘I think we would all benefit from a break and we can resume this when we return in an hour.’ Lynne breathed at the idea of finally getting out of her booth and rushing to the loo. The very thought sent tingles to her vagina as she stroked between her legs to remain in control.

Finally she could take her head set off. She heard the familiar click as the catch was released to her booth and she made her way out as dignified as she could. She headed straight to the corridor and the ladies but alas so did the rest of the world, well the rest of the attendees anyway!

In the queue Lynne tried to remain outwardly calm as inwardly her bladder and vagina throbbed. She just couldn’t stand still though as she bobbed from four to foot yearning for release.

One toilet free.

Then another.

Lynne moaned. She was struggling, really struggling.

Another flushed as someone behind her mentioned in Spanish how they ‘had to pee so badly’.

Lynne felt her heart beating fast, her body sweating, her urethra throbbing between her legs. She was jigging now. This was serious.

She dribbled as another cubicle freed.

Oh how she had to piss.

Oh how urgently she needed to wee.

Oh how silently her whole body moaned.

Oh how warm her panties felt as dribbles leaked.

Finally another cubicle freed as Lynne raced in so quickly pulling her skirt up and her black tights down but unfortunately missing the sides of her pants. Not realising her mistake Lynne sat down as her body finally relaxed and allowed her muscles to let go. First a trickle then a massive gush of almost clear liquid soaked through her underwear and loudly splashed in the porcelain.

It was too late.she had made it but her underwear hadn’t.

She allowed every last drop to finish before pressing her hand against the sodden gusset of her pants and stroking herself, her own desperation having caused copious amounts of mucus to mix with the torrent of foamy piss making Lynne think thoughts she tried to keep private.

She couldn’t help but love the feeling of warmth and wetness as she imagined how desperate the others were still in the queue.

Lynne had never been so bursting, nor so horny and happy as she had been that day at work. To keep the afternoon more enjoyable she decided to keep her soaking pants on until she got home and that day ended with the most enjoyable climax she could remember.

She never found political conferences boring ever again. Booth translating was her favourite work of all.

