The Red Knickers

Author: Morpork

*000*2025-02-26 15:16

The Red Knickers The journey home from work was hell. The train was packed with people, standing pressed up together in the aisles between the seats. Far more people than normal, so maybe the previous train had been cancelled. The carriage was stiflingly hot and stuffy and reeked of diesel exhaust fumes because the heating on those trains was always turned up to maximum. The heat was making people irritable and tempers were frayed. There was an all-pervading stink of BO from everyone around me. The train bumped, swayed and lurched its way along, accelerating away from each station in the characteristically jerky style of those old diesel trains, with long pauses while the engine returned to idling speed at each gear-change. At one point there’d been a bit of a commotion from the bay of seats diagonally opposite me.

As far as I could tell, looking through the throng of people in the aisle and with my ears on maximum gain, it involved a very pretty young woman in a short tweed skirt who was perched on her boyfriend’s lap so she didn’t have to stand. It seemed that she had just fainted because of the heat… and as she’d done so, she’d wet herself fairly spectacularly, soaking herself and her boyfriend. The poor lass was utterly mortified that she’d not only passed out, but she’d also pissed out. A very embarrassed man lent her his raincoat to drape over her lap… and then, like everyone else, turned round and pretended that it hadn’t happened. The final straw was when the train was delayed for ages just outside Horsley – not even in the platform where people could get off and go home. Eventually, almost half an hour late, it arrived at Uckfield, and I was finally able to escape the crush and to breathe clean, fresh air.

“Ah, at last,” Jill giggled when I unlocked the front door, as she flung her arms round me and gave me a very passionate welcome home. I could smell the heady, erotic scent of her perfume, with a hint of something less pleasant which I didn’t care to think about. The top two buttons of her white blouse were undone and I admired the tempting swell of her boobs, the small mounds made by her nipples, and sight of the tantalising softness of her cleavage. Her knee-length tartan skirt was tight over her hips and thighs, and her legs were encased in the opaque black hold-up stockings that she wore in cold weather because they kept her warmer than sheer nylon ones.

Unlike the randy teenagers that she taught, who probably spent all their waking hours speculating about the question, I knew perfectly well that they were stockings and not tights. I also knew why: except at ‘that’ time of the month when she needed knickers to hold certain items of feminine hygiene in place, or when she wore trousers, she much preferred to go commando… and tights or trousers on a bare pussy – or Kitten, as she called hers – would have rubbed it raw. Hence the stockings. We both thought that stockings, especially hold-ups without the added complication of a suspender belt, were bloody sexy.

“Follow me,” she murmured seductively. “I’ve got a big surprise for you. A very nice surprise. I’ve been waiting a long time for you. Actually, a bit too long, as you’re about to find out.”

Her hips wiggled provocatively as I followed her along the hall… and out through the door which led directly into the garage. Where on earth was she taking me?

“Empty everything out of your pockets,” she told me as she stopped in the gap between the front of her car and the wooden workbench which ran along the back wall of the garage, where I kept my DIY tools, my boxes of nuts and bolts and various offcuts of wood which might come in useful one day. “Take your belt off. And your shoes. Put them on the bench over there. You’ll understand why in a second. I was hoping you wouldn’t be much longer because I’m very horny. I’ve been waiting a long time for you, anticipating this moment. When I give you your present, you’ll realise why I’ve been hoping you wouldn’t be too much longer.”

She put her arms round my waist and pulled me towards her, unbuttoning my shirt and grinning mischievously as she ran her hands up and down my chest and back.

I put my hands under her skirt, slid them up the back of her stocking-clad thighs and caressed her naked bum, before moving my fingers down to find the gap between her thighs where Kitten would be ready and waiting for me. Hmm! Knickers? That was odd. I knew she’d gone commando that morning, because as usual I’d watched the glorious and highly erotic sight of her getting dressed, just like she always savoured the sight of me as I got dressed. But now she was wearing her brand-new thong knickers – a bright-red satin pair that I’d bought her last week as a Valentine’s Day present, together with a matching bra… front-loading, as she preferred. As my fingers searched urgently for Kitten, I could feel that the crotch of her knickers was very wet, as were the tops of her thighs and her stockings.

“Jill?” I said, reprovingly. “You’re… all wet. Have you just…? You have, haven’t you?” I smirked. I remembered how much I’d been turned on by that woman who’d wet herself on the train, and the thought that Jill was standing right in front of me having done exactly the same thing was highly erotic.

“Sorry,” she apologised, giggling and blushing demurely. “You were a lot longer than I expected. I was bursting. I still am. I had a bit of an accident while I was waiting for you. Actually, not the first, not by a long way. I’ve had rather a lot of little leaks and accidents throughout the day. I just couldn’t help it. It just happened. You know what I’m like when I wear knickers. All the times when I go commando to let Kitten breathe, I never wet myself, apart from very occasional little dribbles onto the back of my skirt if I sneeze or laugh, which is just part and parcel of being a woman. But every time I put on a pair of knickers, especially under a skirt where they can’t be seen, it never seems to be long before they’ve got a bit damp – and sometimes they’re really quite soggy by bedtime.”

Suddenly she pulled away from me, hoisted her skirt a bit and wriggled herself up onto the workbench, a manoeuvre made much easier by her long legs. She sat with her legs apart, giving me a grandstand view of where Kitten lay concealed by her knickers. Mind you, I could tell exactly where Kitten was because in the light from the window I could just make out a small trickle of wee glistening as it ran down the gusset, and the wet cloth was clinging to the shape of Kitten, outlining it perfectly. 

She beckoned me towards her, so I ran my hand up her thigh, stroked the sensitive skin above her stocking top, and tickled Kitten through her very wet knickers. She squealed with pleasure and a jet of hot wee shot out. She wrapped her legs tightly around my waist and encircled my neck with her arms. All ready for me to take her weight. I knew the drill. We were well practised at it. It was the standard prelude to having sex standing in the shower, though we’d never done it in the garage before. As I lifted her off the bench, I noticed a puddle where she’d been sitting.

“Time for your surprise,” she said, as she gripped me tightly round the waist between her thighs and took her weight on her arms so she could raise and lower her body to rub Kitten up and down me. By now, her knickers were soaking wet. “Though it’s hardly a surprise any more. You were so late home that my bladder has rather given the game away. I can’t wait any longer.” She giggled, hugged herself tightly to me… and winked at me. “Here goes…”

Suddenly I felt a hot wetness from Kitten. Jill smirked and moaned with pleasure as she unleashed a torrent of red-hot wee which ran all down my shirt and into my trousers before collecting in a huge puddle at my feet. And it went on and on and on.

“Aaah!” she sighed. “It is sheer bliss to be releasing all that pressure. It also makes me feel very horny. You can’t beat a nice bit of Nature’s Hot Water, can you?” she laughed. “I’ve been thinking all day about doing this,” she whispered as the torrent continued. “I’d got it all planned, which is why I secretly put my knickers on after you’d gone to work. All part of the plan. I haven’t been to the loo since breakfast time. How I managed to teach my last lesson of the day without jiggling about is a miracle. It took a great deal of of will-power. 

Those randy lads in 5C would have gone ballistic with lust if they’d known that their teacher kept dribbling little spurts of wee into her knickers and that by the end of the lesson she was standing in front of them with a rather soggy gusset and damp stockings. Thank goodness there’s the front desk between the blackboard and them, so they couldn’t see that I’d left a bit of a puddle on the floor of the chemistry lab. I had to stay behind after they’d gone to wipe it up before the cleaners saw. Luckily I’d sprayed myself with a bit more perfume earlier on, just in case, which masked the smell as the day wore on. When I drove home, I had to sit on a plastic bag so I wouldn’t make the car seat wet. As soon as I got back, I had a lot to drink – a whole two-litre bottle of lemonade. I wanted to be full to bursting, almost to overflowing, ready for when you got home.”

By now, Jill’s cascade was finally coming to an end.

“I misjudged things though. That lemonade went through me much quicker than I’d anticipated. By the time you were due to get home, I was so desperate that I thought I was going to burst but I was determined not waste all that precious wee by having an accident. When you weren’t back at your normal time, I thought you must have missed your train. I knew I’d never be able to hold on a whole hour for the next train. By the time you got back, I was jiggling all over the place, with my legs jammed tightly together, desperately trying not to wet my pants.

I almost managed it, though I couldn’t help having a few little leaks, each time my bladder was tortured by yet another spasm of intense pain. When I heard your key in the door, the excitement and the anticipation and the expectation were very nearly my downfall. Without any warning, I suddenly felt a big jet of wee shoot through my knickers and trickle all down my legs until I got myself back under control. As I say, I wanted to keep back as much as possible for your surprise.”

“I don’t think you needed to worry about keeping enough back,” I teased her. “I reckon you’ve just soaked me with nearly two litres of ‘recycled’ lemonade. That was plenty.”

“It’s felt wonderfully naughty to wet myself as I’m cuddled up to you. Sorry, I’ve made you all wet. That’s why I got you to empty your pockets and take your shoes off – I didn’t want your wallet and your shoes getting all wet.” She sniggered. “So… Your turn now. I bet you’re dying for a wee too. Don’t deny it! I can see you jiggling and squirming.”

She wasn’t wrong. I’d been a bit late leaving work so there hadn’t been time to go for a wee at the office. I intended to go down into the Seventh Level of Hell, the dank subterranean gents loo at London Bridge, but by the time I got to the station, my train was ready to leave. By now I too was desperate and getting very uncomfortable. Was Jill really suggesting I should wet myself, just like she had done? Oh well. Why not. Here goes. I pushed, trying to overcome the natural inbred protective instinct that prevents men pissing themselves by accident. Presumably women have something similar, though it doesn’t seem to work as effectively, judging by the number of times in the past, after I’ve made her laugh or I’ve tickled her, that Jill has blushed and whispered to me “Sorry. I’ve just had a little accident”. I could feel wee gradually finding its way out in little spurts.

“Don’t fight it,” Jill murmured in a soothing, seductive whisper. “You know you want to do it. You know you are desperate to do it. You know how much more comfortable you’ll be once you’ve relieved the pressure on your aching bladder. Relax, and just let it happen. Make me as wet as I’ve made you. I want to feel Nature’s Hot Water all over me.”

Jill unhooked her legs from me and stood in front of me, with Kitten pressed up against Willy. Suddenly the spurt turned into a trickle and then a stream.

“Oooh!” she giggled. “You’re making my skirt ever so wet. Keep going. Let it all flood out.”

She wriggled and squirmed, evidently savouring the feeling as I soaked my trousers… and her.

“All done?” she asked. “In that case, I declare these knickers of mine well and truly christened. You’ve heard people talk about ‘incontinence knickers’. In my case, knickers seen to make me incontinent! As soon as I put them on, I feel an overwhelming urge to keep wetting them. I’ve decided something. In honour of today, I resolve that every time I wear these red knickers from now on, I will make sure I always wet them at some point in the day, whether it’s just a little dribble if we’re out in public, or a full-scale soaking if we can’t be seen or if I can get away with doing it surreptitiously.” She paused. “So… now we’ve had the starter, it’s time for the main course.” She whispered in my ear. “Let’s make love. I’ve never done it in the garage before. There’s a first time for everything, isn’t there. Let’s undress each other, very, very slowly.”

Before long, my shirt and trousers, and Jill’s blouse, bra and skirt, together with our soaking wet pants, were lying in a heap on the garage floor. Jill had kept her stockings on and I’d kept my socks on, because the concrete floor was very cold. She sat on the workbench again and then wrapped her arms and legs around me.

“We were in this position a little while ago,” I commented ironically. “But we seemed to get rather distracted. Is Kitten ready to meet Willy?”

“She’s certainly wet enough. I wonder why? Oooh! Willy feels like a flagpole. He’s plenty big enough for me. I want him right up inside me, as far as he will go. Now!”

She wriggled herself until Willy slipped into Kitten and then bounced excitedly up and down, rubbing her nipples on my chest, until we both reached a tremendous, shuddering, shaking climax, registering 8.3 on the Richter Scale. As I’d been half-expecting, when she came, she couldn’t help releasing another torrent of pee.

“Sorry. That really was an accident. I couldn’t help it. It just happened.”

“I don’t know why you’re apologising, love. Whenever there’s a major earthquake like that, it’s usually followed by a tidal wave. I think we can both safely say that it’s been one hell of an arousing session. A perfect way for you to welcome me home. Maybe you should do it every night!”

“Be-have!”

“You do realise, don’t you,” I warned her. “We’re going to have to swill the garage out with the hosepipe or it will stink like a public lavatory.”

Jill giggled. “Our neighbours will start to work it out eventually. ‘They’re hosing their garage floor, so they must have been having wet sex yet again’.”
