My first fiction - Page 2

*025*2019-01-18 20:31

Will went to work the following day with his head a bit messed up from the change of routine the evening before and thoughts of all that happened. He had actually pissed somewhere that wasn’t at home and the idea made him sweat, and almost have a panic attack. It was all a dream. No-way could it have actually happened, though he could still hear Sarah’s angelic voice when he closed his eyes.

Alone in his office he carried on as normal: working long hours, drinking coffee from his personal coffee machine and interacting only via the written word online. Soon after lunch he felt that familiar feeling of tingling in his nether regions but as always he ignored it, crossed his legs and carried on. He might have used one bathroom out-with his house but that didn’t mean he was ready to do it again. He flinched at that horrible recollection of standing holding his penis over the toilet absolutely desperate for urgent release yet unable to go. He never ever wanted to experience that at a urinal or with anyone waiting to get access to a cubicle so it was better for everyone if he contained his need and just went at home.

He wasn’t having a good day though and absentmindedly poured another coffee without thinking. He was trying to program something and it kept flagging up with a fault. Damn his bladder for distracting him. Will was a perfectionist and he would not leave until this problem was sorted. He zoned into work mode and for the next hour he set about trying to put things right.

By 5pm things were improving, well with his work anyway. The problem was he now had a serious problem with his bladder! He was bursting to use the bathroom, and despite the fact he could sign out early, as many of his colleagues did, Will just could not bring himself to break the rule. At his interview, over three years ago, he was told his work hours were 9am until 5:30pm and from the day he started he had neither been one minute early arriving nor one minute late leaving. Such was his level of perfectionism. He tried not to think about his full and uncomfortable bladder or the throbbing in his penis, but it was increasingly hard to ignore.

Will was finished his programming, it was Friday and many of his team had already put their out of office replies on their emails so Will decided to check his personal emails, work emails and team emails to keep his mind on something other than his urgent need to release urine. He was shocked to find an email from Sarah in his personal emails. Just seeing her name gave him an instant hard on. Having his own office was a distinct advantage at times like this!

Will’s entire body felt alive and happy. He read the email six times over.

‘Hi Will,

Firstly thank you for coming to your first appointment yesterday. It was lovely to meet you. After some initial research and in light of yesterday’s events, I was wondering if you would be able to do the following before your appointment next week:

Could you take a photograph of your toilet at home, ideally from the natural urinating position. Ideally if this could be on a small portable device such as your phone. Please bring this along with you.

Could you keep a diary from tonight until your appointment of how much and when you drink and when you use the bathroom.

Thank you,

Regards,

Sarah Henderson

Henderson personal counselling

34 Buchan Drive

Springland

ST6 3BB’

Will stared at his computer, so hard and horny as he thought back to ‘yesterday’s events’. He recalled the beauty of seeing Sarah bouncing about on her seat bursting, seeing her crossed legged standing at the door while he had a panic attack preventing him leaving the room, of the feeling of her hand pull him to the bathroom, of the incredible sound of her peeing. Bathrooms had caused him so much trauma he hated them, other than his own private bathroom at home, but whenever he thought about the bathroom in the counselling waiting area he instantly had an erection!

Suddenly Will noticed the time and panicked. He was late, by nothing more than his own inflexible schedule, but late nonetheless. He quickly put his mug in his Tupperware box to take home, wiped his computer down as he turned it off, then put his coat on, left arm in first as always. Fridays were much easier to avoid people so he wasn’t worried about signing out today. Within a minute he was in his car squeezing his dick, party because he, as always every evening, was desperate to wee and party because he still had an erection. This twenty minute drive home would be interesting.

*028*2019-01-19 00:15

Will prepared for everything in life. He needed to be in control. He needed things to go how they should. He always left work at the same time and always arrived at his apartment at the same time, bar a minute or so. He always made it home dry...well dry-ish. That was just how it went.

Tonight just wasn’t going to plan though!

He’d barely got past the second roundabout when the car in front put his brake lights on and came to a stop. Will hated delays, especially when he had to get to the toilet so bad. He cursed under his breathe hoping the traffic would move soon.

Sarah had scheduled her Friday badly. A growing number of clients and an emergency with her own elderly mum had made for a hectic day with lunch eaten while trying to sort things out with her mum’s nursing home. The joys of having older parents she thought as she started clearing up finally after a long and tiring day. She only did late appointments on Tuesdays and Thursdays and by this time on a Friday she was more than ready for home. She was so grateful it only took half an hour by car to her house. As she locked the front door the cold air hit her suddenly and her bladder sent a sudden urge to empty.

‘When did I last use the bathroom?’ She thought to herself as she climbed into her car and turned the engine on. ‘I actually can’t remember? I must have went at lunch? No wait a moment I was on the phone to the home then? No way! I must not have been all day! Geez no wonder I need it now!’ The building was alarmed and all locked up so the quicker she got home the better! She could wait thirty minutes. She was sure of it.

As she pulled out the side street she could hear emergency vehicles in the distance. Something was going on somewhere and when she got home she would have a nosy on social media to see what it was. There was always plenty gossip to read on Facebook after all.

Once on the main road Sarah was aware just how full her bladder really was. She was uncomfortable and distracted and looking forward to relief.

But as she indicated to turn at the roundabout she noticed the traffic on her road wasn’t moving. She groaned at the idea of any delay. At least stationary she could use her hand to help her throbbing vagina hold back her pent up pee. She had to move soon. Her need was growing quickly.

Will was in trouble. He had not moved for seven minutes now. Seven very long minutes as he squirmed and rubbed his penis trying to help himself hold on. He should have been just six minutes away from home now. He knew he could wait that long but not much else and even if the traffic moved now that was not long enough to get him home dry. This was an emergency.

Sarah was bursting. ‘How could she have been so busy she had forgotten to pee all day at work? Who holds their pee all day?’ She thought. Then she recalled how she had done just that yesterday and how badly she had to go then. She had to get out the habit of forgetting to go. Thinking of yesterday reminded her of Will and she smiled, her eyes twinkling as even the mention of his name made her go all giggly like a teenager. ‘How could he hold all day everyday?’, she wondered. He would be on his way home from work now and probably very desperate to go too. That thought was very arousing and Sarah pushed against her privates as her own need and thoughts of Will made her wet and ready.

The traffic was still not moving at all and Will needed a better grip on his member now. One handedly he unclipped his seatbelt while rubbing his tip with the other hand. He muttered to himself ‘I’m bursting. Oh so bursting. Come on traffic this is an emergency!’ He put his hand in his trouser pocket pulling out his phone from the front suit pocket and lifting his bottom off of the seat he pulled his wallet out of his back pocket and tossed it on the passenger seat. It landed open but what did that matter. All he could think about was getting to his own toilet in his own apartment and releasing. He undid his trouser button and massaged his penis through his boxers.

Sarah was sweating with her need now. Wearing a suit skirt she at least had access to her pants as she pushed upwards and rubbed to try and avoid a puddle in her car seat. She wasn’t sure she would get home dry.

Will was repeating over an over as he rocked back and forth with his hand cupped over his penis and testicles. ‘This is an emergency. I repeat this is an emergency’. There was something about that word, he recalled hearing it very recently but where? It was so hard to focus and concentrate when you were on the verge of pissing yourself!

‘God I remember now!’ He said as his eyes wondered to his open wallet where a business card was half falling out.

“Will, if it’s an emergency call me. I will do what I can to help. Ok?” That was Sarah’s parting words less than 24 hours ago! He HAD to pee. He wasn’t going to make it home. He remembered now...Sarah was his key.

He grabbed his phone in one hand, shaking with sheer desire to urinate, and sent her a text.

‘Sarah, it’s Will. I need help.’

Sarah was getting shivers as she continued to push against her throbbing urethra. She was bolt upright in her seat rubbing herself for all she was worth. The vibration of her phone caused her to leak a bit. She knew she shouldn’t look to see who it was from but she also couldn’t help herself.

Her heart missed a beat as she saw who it was and read his text.

She shouldn’t really texts clients but she also couldn’t ethically ignore a cry for help from someone with such severe issues as Will had.

Trembling she texted back one handed, ‘how can I help?’

*029*2019-01-19 01:27

Will struggled to sit still long enough to focus to text. His desperate penis was filling fast with blood and swelling as Will looked at his phone. Sarah had actually texted him back! Just thinking of her drove his penis crazy. At least that helped him hold. He continued touching himself one handed as he texted back with the other hand.

‘I need to pee. Stuck in traffic’

Sarah had shivers of excitement running right through her body. Her nipples were hard and tender, longing to be licked and touched. Her cheeks were blushing, her eyes sparkling, her pussy swelling with desire. At least being this aroused was distracting her a bit from her bursting bladder. A sudden thought crossed her mind. Could they both be stuck in the sane traffic jam? She recalled Will’s address was not that far from her own and his work just a few miles to the south. For once all that boring paperwork she had to complete seemed useful after all. She thought of Will desperate to piss and possibly being so close by. The idea sent her body crazy!

She replied quickly, ‘Are you near Chapel Grounds Road?’ It was a crazy thought but what did it really matter? As much as she would love to be in the car with Will, holding a bottle for him, even aiming his penis into the top of it for him, or better still holding his hand and kissing him to help him release while she watched him pee against a tree, she knew right now she was stuck in her own car half on a roundabout, half on Chapel Grounds Road and there were was nothing she could really do to help him, or herself for that matter!

She bounced around on her seat as she waited to see if he would reply.

Will was getting angry at the hold up now. He had his finger massaging the very tip of his hard penis as he could feel what he hoped was precum ready to drip out. He wanted to wank himself so badly but he had to try and hold back as he was in a car stuck in traffic and he knew anyone walking past could look in and catch him. He already had his trousers undone and his hand inside his underwear as it was!

The beep of his phone startled him slightly as he read Sarah’s text. He read it again. And again. Everything Sarah sent him he read over and over. He wanted to savour every word, every comma, even every full stop. How could she know where he was? The thought excited him even more and he felt his boxers damp with precum.

Suddenly the car in front edged forward and Will had to let go of himself and his phone to get into gear and drive. If nothing else his boner might allow him to get home dry. If only the traffic would keep moving. Then again he wanted to text Sarah and he was terrified of breaking the law and texting while driving. He could hear an emergency vehicle approaching from the distance. Maybe his ordeal would soon be over. As the traffic slowed to ten miles an hour he took a chance and texted back ‘yes’ and pressed send.

‘Thank God for that!’ Sarah said out loud as finally she seemed to be moving. How she longed to have the privacy of home. She hadn’t decided wether to see to her sexual need or physical need first. She would decide that as she got nearer home. Both would need seen to urgently though. She was so focussed on the fact the traffic was moving again she almost forgot she was waiting for Will to reply until her phone beeped. She decided to wait a minute as she was now in second gear and actually almost at twenty miles an hour! Compared to going nowhere this was great progress. But it soon slowed down again. She checked her phone and smiled the biggest smile. Will was indeed near by! Oh my God! She squirmed in her seat as desire and urgency to wee combined and her rock hard clitoris and throbbing urethra both fought for her immediate attention.

She had a sudden brain wave. Sarah could be quite impulsive when she wanted to be. If Will was on the same road then if he took the next left then second left again he would be in the retail park where there was a 24 hour McDonald’s! That had to be nearer than home? As she slowed right down she took the chance to text back:

‘I’m on same road. I want to help you. If you take next left hand turn then second left I’ll meet you at McDonald’s ASAP. Hold on. You can do this Will.’

Fuck! Sarah was on the same road after all. He almost exploded at that thought until anxiety tore at him like a knife wound. Turn left? That wasn’t the way he went. His apartment was straight ahead. He knew the way, his sat nav repeated the way as he loved the familiarity of it and his car even knew the way. He’d never been to McDonald’s though he was aware from driving past where it was. He was protected in his car but actually going inside somewhere terrified him. His crippling fears had caused his penis to become relaxed again and instantly he thought he would wet himself. He was mentally in torment. By his calculations McDonald’s was four minutes nearer than his apartment. As his brain tried to rationally think what to do whilst multitasking driving at just 15 miles an hour his dick was about to make the decision for him as a spurt of urine leaked into his boxers. There was no way he could wait four more minutes as he indicated left as sweat poured from his forehead and back.

Sarah was going to McDonald’s wether Will did or not. She wasn’t t sure she would make it there dry but her house was miles away yet and she knew she would be drenched if she tried to get there. At least the cars were now moving, albeit at a snails pace. She indicated left and headed off the main road.

*032*2019-01-19 09:38

{{2 hours ago, rebeljaffa said:

Please do not attend to your family, your pets, work, appointments, shopping... Don't eat or drink (okay do drink!!!), don't cook, clean and obviously don't WEE..

... until you have turned out a lot more of this!!

I don't even like male desperation as a rule. But these shared scenarios, the effect Will has on Sarah, the possibilities. This is genius. So come on. Write damnit!!!!

}}

So much potential...i’m glad you are loving this as much and am!

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn this is getting very interesting

}}

Thank you

*033*2019-01-19 10:29

Will struggled to sit still long enough to focus to text. His desperate penis was filling fast with blood and swelling as Will looked at his phone. Sarah had actually texted him back! Just thinking of her drove his penis crazy. At least that helped him hold. He continued touching himself one handed as he texted back with the other hand.

‘I need to pee. Stuck in traffic’

Sarah had shivers of excitement running right through her body. Her nipples were hard and tender, longing to be licked and touched. Her cheeks were blushing, her eyes sparkling, her pussy swelling with desire. At least being this aroused was distracting her a bit from her bursting bladder. A sudden thought crossed her mind. Could they both be stuck in the sane traffic jam? She recalled Will’s address was not that far from her own and his work just a few miles to the south. For once all that boring paperwork she had to complete seemed useful after all. She thought of Will desperate to piss and possibly being so close by. The idea sent her body crazy!

She replied quickly, ‘Are you near Chapel Grounds Road?’ It was a crazy thought but what did it really matter? As much as she would love to be in the car with Will, holding a bottle for him, even aiming his penis into the top of it for him, or better still holding his hand and kissing him to help him release while she watched him pee against a tree, she knew right now she was stuck in her own car half on a roundabout, half on Chapel Grounds Road and there were was nothing she could really do to help him, or herself for that matter!

She bounced around on her seat as she waited to see if he would reply.

Will was getting angry at the hold up now. He had his finger massaging the very tip of his hard penis as he could feel what he hoped was precum ready to drip out. He wanted to wank himself so badly but he had to try and hold back as he was in a car stuck in traffic and he knew anyone walking past could look in and catch him. He already had his trousers undone and his hand inside his underwear as it was!

The beep of his phone startled him slightly as he read Sarah’s text. He read it again. And again. Everything Sarah sent him he read over and over. He wanted to savour every word, every comma, even every full stop. How could she know where he was? The thought excited him even more and he felt his boxers damp with precum.

Suddenly the car in front edged forward and Will had to let go of himself and his phone to get into gear and drive. If nothing else his boner might allow him to get home dry. If only the traffic would keep moving. Then again he wanted to text Sarah and he was terrified of breaking the law and texting while driving. He could hear an emergency vehicle approaching from the distance. Maybe his ordeal would soon be over. As the traffic slowed to ten miles an hour he took a chance and texted back ‘yes’ and pressed send.

‘Thank God for that!’ Sarah said out loud as finally she seemed to be moving. How she longed to have the privacy of home. She hadn’t decided wether to see to her sexual need or physical need first. She would decide that as she got nearer home. Both would need seen to urgently though. She was so focussed on the fact the traffic was moving again she almost forgot she was waiting for Will to reply until her phone beeped. She decided to wait a minute as she was now in second gear and actually almost at twenty miles an hour! Compared to going nowhere this was great progress. But it soon slowed down again. She checked her phone and smiled the biggest smile. Will was indeed near by! Oh my God! She squirmed in her seat as desire and urgency to wee combined and her rock hard clitoris and throbbing urethra both fought for her immediate attention.

She had a sudden brain wave. Sarah could be quite impulsive when she wanted to be. If Will was on the same road then if he took the next left then second left again he would be in the retail park where there was a 24 hour McDonald’s! That had to be nearer than home? As she slowed right down she took the chance to text back:

‘I’m on same road. I want to help you. If you take next left hand turn then second left I’ll meet you at McDonald’s ASAP. Hold on. You can do this Will.’

Fuck! Sarah was on the same road after all. He almost exploded at that thought until anxiety tore at him like a knife wound. Turn left? That wasn’t the way he went. His apartment was straight ahead. He knew the way, his sat nav repeated the way as he loved the familiarity of it and his car even knew the way. He’d never been to McDonald’s though he was aware from driving past where it was. He was protected in his car but actually going inside somewhere terrified him. His crippling fears had caused his penis to become relaxed again and instantly he thought he would wet himself. He was mentally in torment. By his calculations McDonald’s was four minutes nearer than his apartment. As his brain tried to rationally think what to do whilst multitasking driving at just 15 miles an hour his dick was about to make the decision for him as a spurt of urine leaked into his boxers. There was no way he could wait four more minutes as he indicated left as sweat poured from his forehead and back.

Sarah was going to McDonald’s wether Will did or not. She wasn’t t sure she would make it there dry but her house was miles away yet and she knew she would be drenched if she tried to get there. At least the cars were now moving, albeit at a snails pace. She indicated left and headed off the main road.

*034*2019-01-19 20:03

Will was close to meltdown. Embarrassment at wet boxers, a bladder at its limit and the horrifying idea of changing his routine, entering a fast food restaurant with other people there, and even worse trying to ‘go’ in a different toilet again. Tears formed in his eyes and his breathing was fast and laboured. At least the traffic was moving so he set his mind to focus on the technicalities of driving. 

He watched his revs to know when to change gears (he never had been able to just ‘do it naturally and read the engine, much preferring facts to anything subjective), tried to work out the sequence of traffic lights and read every road sign in detail. His mind was the only thing preventing his car from an imminent flood. His abdomen ached, as did everything between his legs. He was terrified of wetting, seeing people, even seeing Sarah again. What if she could see his wet underwear? What if that spurt had went through to his suit trousers? He saw McDonald’s and pulled into the car park with the front of his car facing away from the door. No-one must see him. No-one.

Sarah could not get to the restaurant quicker if she tried, going through amber lights she would otherwise never do and breaking the speed limit by a few miles per hour. Every second mattered when her urethra throbbed so fast she thought she would explode! She pulled into the restaurant car part faster than she really ought to and parked as near to the front door as she could. She was so consumed with her urgent need to use the toilet that for a second she forgot she was meant to be here to help Will! Where would she meet him, could she even wait that long?

This was such a nightmare and now she had to get out her car and look around for someone she only met the night before. It was getting dark quickly too. Perhaps she could run to the ladies then wait for him? That thought caused a few drops to leak. She didn’t dare think what state her knickers were in now! She turned her engine off while with her other fist pushing against her tired vaginal muscles feeling the warm wetness against her thumb and index finger. Oh God this was critical. She needed the loo like she needed her next breath! She turned her headlights off and pushed her door open enough to get one leg out. She pushed against her urethra as hard as she could between her skirt before standing up.

Will was kneading at his privates for all he was worth. He’d been bursting hundreds of times in his life but this was on a whole new level. Horrid flashbacks filled his mind of his last day in school when he held all afternoon then finally asked to be excused only to be so frightened he stood at the school urinal and nothing came out. He stood there willing everything in him to let him pee but after five minutes not a drip had come out and by now he was so worried about getting into trouble he walked back to class every bit as bursting as he had been when he left. He could not ask again. He could not tell anyone what had happened, ever. 

He tried holding but eventually his bladder could hold no more and warm urine ran down his leg, into his sock and filled his school shoe, forming a puddle on the classroom floor. He was so disturbed and agitated he grabbed his coat and bag and ran out of the school and home and refused to ever go back. How could you possibly be on the very edge of wetting yet be so scared to pee in an unfamiliar place? Will knew he was every bit as close to humiliation and defeat as he was back that day in school. With tears pouring from his eyes he glanced in his wing mirror and saw Sarah, tightly crossed legs and moving around frantically just by the door to McDonald’s. He had to try. He had to push through his fears. If not for him, for Sarah. He had texted her, interrupted her evening, taken her off course just because he needed to piss. He hated how selfish that sounded so his pride forced him out the car and across the car park to Sarah, with one hand in front of his crotch the entire time.

Sarah saw Will and ran to get him. She could tell he had been crying and on the verge of embarrassment. She was right in that place with him. She grabbed his hand even though his eyes were set down looking only at the concrete car park.

‘Let me help you Will. It’s my job. It’s ok. I know exactly how you feel. I’m in urgent need to use the bathroom myself. Come quick!’

She pulled him through the car park, through the automatic doors and through the entire restaurant in less than a minute. She was running, almost dragging him, so quickly he had to let go of his crotch as another drip sat right on the very tip of his penis. She pulled him through the door marked ‘toilets’ so urgently then suddenly let his hand go as she raced to the ladies.

Will stood there frozen as Sarah pee danced for all she was worth.

Will hadn’t moved. Sarah turned and looked at him, her body holding the door to the ladies open in anticipation.

‘Will, you need to go. I need to go. What’s stopping you?’

Tears puddled in Will’s eyes, both hands covering his quivering crotch area. He looked at the floor.

‘I..need...help...’, he whispered.

Sarah had no time to spare, not a second. She grabbed Will’s hand and pushed open the disabled toilet. She pulled him in, shut and locked the door and immediately hitched her skirt up and began pulling her cotton pants down.

Will might need help but she didn’t. She was in agony and dripping slowly and agonisingly into her pants. She could feel warm urine dripping down her bare leg.

‘Will, I am so sorry. I can’t wait a second longer. I HAVE to use the toilet. If you can why don’t you try using the sink?’

Sarah dived onto the single toilet pan as quick as she could with her wet pants at her knees. Her muscles were exhausted, her bladder extended beyond what she thought it could ever be. She didn’t need to relax or even think about it as a steady stream oozed out of her tired body splashing noisily in the pan.

Will undid his fly and pulled his tired penis out with his side to Sarah and held it over the little sink. He could barely breathe, his face was red with embarrassment and he stood still with his eyes closed. He urgently ached for relief. He tried to take himself to a place of calm in his mind as he listened to the most beautiful, perfect, utterly sexy woman unload her bladder within touching distance of him.

He didn’t mean to raise his voice, or frighten Sarah, when he looked at his penis, failing him again, and shouted ‘for the love of God just work please!’

*036*2019-01-19 21:54

{{14 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Wow poor will seems like hes pee shy

}}

Very. More common than people think. Very difficult condition to live with as used to have it myself though nowhere near as bad as Will.

*037*2019-01-19 23:19

Sarah’s heart went out to Will so much. Social anxiety was one thing, even autism perhaps, but how physically painful and humiliating must it be to be unable to urinate when you really needed to? Her own body was still expelling liquid waste at a steady stream and she was so grateful for that. It was blissful and so relieving to let her bladder empty and she longed to be able to help her client do the same. She couldn’t help but look over at the man within touching distance of her and what his hand held firmly but gently. He was frustrated, vulnerable, and angry so hearing him shout was not in any way surprising, other than for the fact the man had hardly opened his mouth since she first set eyes on him. She pushed her own pee out as fast as her body would expel it, though her stream felt long and never ending.

Will had drawn attention to himself even more with his stupid outburst. He hated his body right now. He hated anxiety. He hated his inability to piss anywhere but home. His life sucked. He stood there as time seemed to stand still with nothing but a drop dangling from his tip taunting him. He was past caring what Sarah thought. Despite the fact she was the most incredible and amazing woman in the world he had already decided he was never seeing her ever again, never setting foot in her counselling room. He was too ashamed of himself, too embarrassed.

Sarah finally finished her wee, pulled her sodden pants up, straightened her skirt, flushed the toilet and walked over to the sink. She touched Will’s shoulder and whispered ‘It’s ok. You can do this. You are not a failure.’

Wether it was her voice, her touch, or her presence, Will wasn’t sure. Whatever it was though his penis was reacting. His entire body was reacting! He lifted his eyes from the penis he loathed so much to look at Sarah in the eye. She was the epitome of perfection, the definition of beauty, she was mesmerising. He longed to touch her, kiss her, smell her, explore her. His eyes glistened, his back straightened, his heart beat faster, his dick doubled in size.

Sarah stared at Will’s anatomy in amazement. She couldn’t help but say something.

‘Well, it’s sure working now Will! Just maybe not quite how you wanted eh?’

Will laughed. He could not recall the last time he had laughed. He looked at his penis, then to the beautiful woman next to him then laughed again. And just like that he sprung a huge leak so sudden he pissed over the hand dryer and had to concentrate to aim his hard penis into the sink. He was peeing! Hard, fast, long and through an erection! He had to steady himself by leaning one hand on the bathroom wall.

Sarah watched, captivated by every second of it. She wanted to cheer, take Will for a celebration drink...fuck him! God did she want to fuck him like she had never wanted to fuck anyone in her entire life! She liked Will on a level she had never liked any man and judging by what she had seen tonight he liked her too. He was still peeing too! One hand leaning on the wall, the other holding his hard dick which was pouring out urine right now like a fire hose!

Sarah could only imagine how bursting he must have been. She admired his control, his ability to hold, his determination to always get home without an accident. Sure he had issues, didn’t everyone, but he was trying to overcome them. Her heart swelled with pride in him.

Finally his stream slowed until there was nothing left to come out of him. His entire demeanour changed, his whole body relaxed, except his penis which was still rock hard.

Sarah could never counsel Will. He would need to look elsewhere if he wanted therapy. She didn’t want him as a client at all...she longed for him as a lover instead.

She shouldn’t have, she knew that, but her impulses got the better of her. She ran over to him, threw her arms around him and kissed him.

Will was in heaven. That piss was like an orgasm and never in his entire life had he pissed quite as much and the feeling of urine seeping through his erect penis felt akin to having a litre and a half of cum shooting out of him! He had his eyes half closed, lost in the moment ,so he was unaware until Sarah’s arms were round his neck, her moist lips caressing and kissing his. He never was good at reading other’s intentions but he certainly wasn’t complaining.

His fly was open, his hard penis rubbing against Sarah’s thighs as he threw both arms around Sarah, letting her hair fall through his fingers, feeling right down her back, and pulling her closer while their lips and tongues explored every last area of each other.

Sarah was his key alright. He wasn’t ever letting her go.

*039*2019-01-20 09:05

{{6 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn I am so loving this so much

}}

Thank you

*043*2019-01-20 12:36

{{3 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Omg! So good! Something of mine grew reading that last chapter! Lol

}}

That’s is the biggest compliment a female could have. Thank you for reading and ‘enjoying’. Lots more to come.

*045*2019-01-20 17:42

{{1 hour ago, rebeljaffa said:

Yup me too, but I tried to do a Will and ended up squeezing my... to see if I could until the next part. And I couldn't

}}

I’ll share the next chapter in a few hours. A turn of events today preventing me writing but I am loving writing this and can’t wait to share the next bit.

Your comment really made me smile too lol.

*047*2019-01-20 21:56

Will had never in his life imagined life could be this good. There was a current flowing through his entire body lit by the tongue and touch of someone else. He abandoned his entire being into the moment, encompassed in passion and lust for a woman that just 48 hours ago was a complete stranger. He wanted more: more of her tongue, more of her breasts, more of everything about her. He craved her with his whole being and they were only kissing....

Will could kiss! For all his anxiety, rigidness and anxiety, there was not a thread of any of that when he kissed. It was like he was a different man; on fire, in control, rugged, handsome, relaxed and so brimming with compassion and protection. Sarah had never experienced anything on this level and she knew within herself she never would again. Yet something made her pull back. This was dangerous, walking on a tightrope stuff. Her whole career, all she had studied for, slogged endless hours for, almost bankrupt herself for, was now in jeopardy over a blond haired, bearded man she met just the night before in her own consulting waiting room.

She forced herself to pull away, going against everything her body craved. She wasn’t the sort to run or hide from her mistakes and she definitely wasn’t someone to deliberately hurt another human. She cared about Will and she owed him at least an explanation. One moment, regardless how blissful and sexual, was worth risking everything for. But her body was not ready to walk away even if her head told her so.

Will could have stayed in Sarah’s arms all day. He wanted, longed and yearned so much for more. But this was Friday night and he was already out of schedule. His head told him this was uncomfortable, confusing, silly even. His body meanwhile refused to listen. But Sarah was pulling away now. He’d never kissed anyone before. What if Sarah thought he was a failure at kissing too. What if he was a failure at everything?

He allowed himself to let Sarah go as he pushed his erect penis into his trousers finally and zipped himself up. He turned to face the sink, quickly turning the tap on and pressing the soap dispenser to wash his hands. He had to complete the ritual of finishing off in the bathroom. That was Will all over: everything had to be done properly, orderly, as it was always done.

Sarah waited silently as Will made himself decent and washed his hands as if the kiss had never happened. As soon as the sink was free she squirted her own hands with soap and turned the warm tap on to wash her hands too. While she did so she watched Will head out the bathroom. She could not bear the thought of having to email him to cancel his appointment, she could not imagine never seeing him again. She cleared her throat as he began to open the door.

‘Will, are you hungry?’

Will turned to look at Sarah, struggling to give her eye contact. What did she mean ‘are you hungry?’ Was she asking if he wanted to eat with her, had she heard his stomach rumble, was there a further meaning behind her words? All he could do was answer it literally. That was how he thought. This conversation stuff was so hard.

‘Yes.’

‘Fancy a burger?’

‘Friday is fish night. I always have fish on a Friday.’

Will hated himself! What a stupid thing to say. It was true though. He had set meals for every night and Friday he had fish. He never had burgers, though he did like them. He was hungry. It was past his dinner time now and his stomach was empty. He fought past his need for consistency and routine. He was hungry and thirsty. To heck with it, a burger sounded amazing.

‘But a burger would be great.’

Will held the door for Sarah as they walked passed the ladies and gents, where they should have been, and back into the restaurant. Immediately Will’s heart rate increased, he began sweating and struggling for breathe. The lights, music, crowds and smell were too overwhelming and instead of heading to the order point Will almost ran to the door.

Sarah chased after him and grabbed his hand as he headed outside.

‘It’s ok Will. You wait in your car and I’ll bring it out to you. Will you be ok on your own?’

Will thought that a crazy question. He had lived on his own since he was 18. He was almost 29. He worked all day on his own, spent every evening and weekend on his own, did everything on his own. Why would he not be ok on his own?

He nodded as he pressed the unlock button on his car and made his way to the familiarity and comfort of the drivers seat. He sat in silence hearing every beat of his own heart drum as he waited for his burger.

Sarah could only guess what Will might like so she ordered the most common burger, large fries and two large drinks and waited for her order number to appear at the top of the screen. She carried the drinks and food out to the car, unsure if Will wanted her to sit with him in his car or in her own car.

This was all so awkward.

*048*2019-01-20 23:41

Will calmed down quickly once he was in the safe space of his own car. He watched out of his wing mirror for Sarah and leaned over to open the passenger door. Other than the mechanics at his trusted garage who serviced his vehicle at the exact date it was due no-one else had ever been in his car. Will didn’t let people in his life. People scared him.

Sarah saw the passenger door open and held the cardboard drinks holder out towards Will. She hoped he didn’t mind Cola, she didn’t even know what he drank to be fair. She didn’t really know much about him at all. Will leaned over to take his drink without giving her eye contact.

‘Would you mind holding my drink a minute so I can get you your meal? They put both together in the same bag.”

Will didn’t verbally reply but instead of taking his own drink he reached instead for the grey cardboard holder containing two large fizzy drinks and held it in front of his steering wheel to allow Sarah to open the brown bag and get each of their meals. He felt awkward and uncomfortable and a bit stressed. Where was he meant to put the drinks down to take the burger and fries from a Sarah? He needed one hand to balance the drinks and now needed another two hands to take his food items. How did other people make things like this so simple looking on TV? He had no idea.

Sarah could see Will struggling with the logistics of it all and with no other desire than to make things easier for Will to get his meal she spoke up.

‘Is it ok if I sit down here...just to get us sorted?’

That seemed a logical solution to Will who liked practical, logical answers to things. Solving problems was what he did, well unless they were his own personal ones. Sarah spent her life solving others problems too, yet now she seemed to be creating too many problems of her own.

For now though they both needed to eat and drink.

Will nodded for Sarah to sit down which made distribution of the drinks, burgers and fries so much easier.

They sat in silence eating, drinking and looking out the window for the next five minutes.

Suddenly Will realised Sarah had paid. He was independent, finically secure and the only people who ever paid for anything for him ever were his parents. Having no idea how much a burger, fries and a drink cost, having never eaten at McDonald’s for fear of having to speak and see people, Will handed Sarah the smallest note he had, a £20.

‘Thanks’ was all he could muster.

Sarah laughed.

‘Hey, it’s fine! I suggested here after all. I mean you could easily have been at home right now eating you Friday fish meal if it wasn’t for me.’

Will could still feel the wetness in his boxers from his earlier leaking on his journey from work. He looked straight ahead not daring to look at Sarah for fear of what she might say. He half whispered, ashamed and embarrassed.

‘And if I hadn’t of came here, at your suggestion, I would be much wetter than I already am. My car seat would have been ruined, my suit trousers drenched and even my socks and shoes would have been sodden. And....he so wanted to mention it but he was unsure if he should...I would never have been kissed by the most beautiful girl in the world.’ He stopped to take a much needed breath. ‘Thank you.’

Sarah wasn’t expecting that. In all her research on human traits, all her years of studying phycology, people still always surprised her. Will was one of those people.

In his own car he seemed different. He was confident, freely able to speak, open, honest and complementary. She was liking him more and more.

An hour later they were still talking. Though it was mostly Sarah at first Will was definitely relaxing more. Sarah had suggested ages ago that she put the rubbish in the bin and perhaps headed home but Will would then ask her another random question and she would laugh and answer it and talk more. She loved his company, his voice, his natural ability to make her feel accepted and special. The only thing making her uncomfortable was the fact her large cola was already making its way through her body fast. After her long hold earlier her muscles were weak and her damp knickers were not helping one bit.

She still hadn’t broached the subject of not being able to counsel Will and she really needed to mention it while she had the chance.

Will knew Cola with ice was never a good idea for him but he did love it and he was very thirsty having been sweating so much earlier on the journey home from work. He had no idea a person could bring him so much contentment, so much fun as Sarah did and time was passing way quicker than he realised. At home having held his bladder all day he often struggled to hold as much as a glass of water so the large cola with ice was already starting to affect him. He could not say though. He could not face another disastrous pee but he was not ready to go home. He didn’t want his time with Sarah to end. His bladder could wait.

