Reasons She Couldn’t Go: Locked Toilet

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-06-17 22:50

Reasons she couldn’t go: Locked door

Ishami stepped out her Audi with an air of authority about her. As personnel manager she was used to being obeyed and took control easily. Smart, professional, focussed and pig minded she was equally hated and respected by those she worked with. She walking into the unfamiliar building as if she owned it, creating a presence wherever she went.

Ishami coughed impatiently at the young receptionist as she ended a call.

‘Hi, can I help you?’

‘About time! Yes you CAN help me by letting me through right now! Don’t you know who I am?’

‘Sorry mam! Do you have your lanyard ID please?’

‘Oh for goodness sake! Here!’

Isami did at least call back a brief thanks as she pushed open the door and followed the signs for boardroom 1. The hallway was broad and long but Ishami was single minded and pushed down the handle of boardroom 1 and walked in confidently, her heels clicking on the tiled floor. She set to work right away setting up her laptop and connecting it to the projector on the table, using the internal phone to book refreshments and jugs of iced water and running through her slides to make sure everything was perfect.

Before long the rest of her colleagues arrived, chatting, shaking hands and greeting each other. Ishami had already poured herself a large iced water and had drank half of it before the others arrived and now set about pouring herself some juice as she opened a window slightly to let in some cool air.

Ishami called everyone to sit down and started the meeting by welcoming everyone and explaining the agenda which had been sent by email previously and was unfortunately longer than hoped as others had added important discussion points in that last few days. Ever the thorough and strong leader Ishami had allowed the amendments and intended to make everything clear before the meeting ended. She went through the fire arrangements and added that since the room was only booked for three hours and they had a lot to get through that unfortunately there would be no official break but that people could slip out in an emergency.

As chair Ishami opened the meeting and preceded to work through every point in the agenda presenting slides, allowing presentations from others and issuing hand out when necessary, all the time sipping water and juice to keep her voice from drying out. Charismatic, enthusiastic and strict Ishami found leading and presenting natural though she did have a tendency to talk more than perhaps necessary. Water, juice and small cakes were consumed freely as everyone paid attention dutifully to both Ishami and anyone else speaking. It wasn’t until over an hour and a half into the meeting that anyone dared slip out and the look from Ishami said it all. Whilst she had verbally said it was ok to do so her mannerism and control very much hinted that it was shunned, thought by two hours in another two had briefly slipped out too and quietly came back in without disturbing the flow.

Ishami drew a look of disgust at the latest person to leave though this time with more than a hint of jealousy as she would happily have slipped out herself had it been possible. She looked at the three glasses now empty in front of her and tapped her foot under the large table. Another colleague was giving a regional update and Ishami crossed her ankles under her large chair at the head of the table and tapped her toes on the floor. She longed to cross her legs but with a tight suit dress on and thin flesh tights this wasn’t practical or possible so she did what she could to help her body hold what was an ever growing amount of liquid in her bladder.

The last hour of the board meeting dragged in for Ishami who regretted not finding or using the toilets before starting the meeting. She’d been too focussed on getting everything set up perfectly she hadn’t even thought to ask the receptionist where they were though she vaguely recalled perhaps seeing some on the long hallway. Ishami tried drawing the long meeting to a close as her body fought inside her, her fitted dress feeling tight and her vagina wet and throbbing. The only outward sign of her need though being a slight restlessness in her seat and the tapping of her shoes on the floor.

‘And finally any other business?’

Ishami breathed a sigh of relief when after a minutes silence it appeared that nothing more needed discussed and so she summarised the outline of the meeting and assured everyone that minutes would be with them within the week and that she would subsequently be checking on all points raised and actions required. She dismissed the meeting hoping all those in attendance would leave quickly so she could find a ladies. Determined to remain professional she unplugged her laptop from the projector, tidied away her notes and closed and put away her computer. All the while her body pushing, yearning and pleading to be released from the burden of her over full bladder which ached for relief.

Normally Ishami hated leaving a board meeting first but today her colleagues were lingering and chatting more than she could bear so she made her apologies and excuses and headed with her bag to find the toilets urgently. Knowing most, if not all, of those in the meeting had used them during the long three hours she had chaired the meeting she assumed they had to be nearby. She scanned every room as her body fought to hold back the flood inside her, taking fast but cautious steps and moving continuously.

Finally she found the toilet and pushed the door.

Locked.

She tried again. Nothing.

Then she noticed a fob on the door. Damn it needed a code!

She moved from foot to foot on the carpet furiously as her urethra threatened to burst. Just then two colleagues from the meeting came down chatting and laughing. Ishami longed to ask them where they had used the toilet and if they knew the code but felt far too embarrassed having had a go at both during the meeting earlier. She pretended to talk on her phone as they walked past as she continued to pad from foot to foot and squeeze her thighs tightly. The tingling was so strong Ishami longed to hold herself as she bent slightly forward as another urgent wave hit.

Then another delegate from the meeting walked towards her, someone Ishami respected and who had a similar work ethic to herself. Ishami bit her lip, feeling her face redden with embarrassment as she quietly mustered the courage to talk to Marcella as she past.

‘Emmm. Marcella, you ummmm don’t happen to know the code for the toilet do you? I noticed you slip out earlier and I was emmm...just wondering?’

‘Oh wait a minute. I put it somewhere when the receptionist gave me it when I signed in. Did she not give you it too?’

Ishami thought back to how rude she had been to the receptionist and her anger at not being given the toilet code made her frustrated and flustered.

‘Emmm I can’t recall it. If you have it handy that would be great.’

Marcella rummaged through her bag as Ishami tried valiantly to hide how badly she needed to urinate. She had an image to keep up, a professional demeanour, a stance that couldn’t be harmed. Yet the pressure between her legs was now relentless as she pulled one foot over the other and bent forward a little.

‘Sorry Ishami I seem to have lost it. I’m sure reception will let you have it though?’

Marcella walked on leaving Ishami standing outside the locked door sweating.

Ishami power walked behind Marcella clenching her teeth and tightening her kegal muscles as much as she possibly could. As she pushed the swing door that lead to reception Ishami could hear the young receptionist once again on the phone. This time she felt it wrong and unfair to interrupt her despite being minutes from peeing herself.

The receptionist looked up at Ishami with caution in her eyes but continued talking. Ishami curled her toes in her high heels shoes and shifted from foot to foot, sweating and anxious. The receptionist held two fingers up to signal she would be with Ishami in two minutes as the professional Indian lady paced and looked around frantically for a ladies.

Tears formed at the back of Ishami’s eyes as still the receptionist continued her phone call. She took a step nearer the counter and placed a hand on it leaning against it as she tensed every muscle possible. The pressure was now unbearable as a dribble leaked into her lace trim knickers. In absolute desperation Ishami rummaged in her bag for paper and pen and scribbled a note.

‘Do you have the code for the bathroom please. It’s urgent!’

The receptionist looked at the note and smiled sarcastically at Ishami who by now could not even stand still such was her need. After what felt like an eternity she was finally handed a card with the code and Ishami rushed through the swing doors and along the corridor to the toilet as more and more colleagues headed the opposite direction.

‘Did you forget something Ishami?’

But Ishama couldn’t answer. She could hardly dare breathe as she felt more wetness in her knickers as her body could hold back no longer. As she stood outside the bathroom, colleagues looking on in wonder and her hand sweating trying to key in the code a loud whoosh caught the attention of everyone in the corridor as urine gushed down Ishami’s leg soaking her fitted dress, thin flesh tights and splashing in her high heeled shoes.

With eyes glued on her Ishami pushed the door open and stood inside leaning back on the closed door frozen in embarrassment as shame.

Smart, professional, focussed and pig minded she may be but here she was absolutely drenched in her own warm urine all because she could go to the toilet due to a locked door.

*002*2020-06-19 21:39

{{59 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

That was another great story I love this scenario

}}

Thank you

