Bathing without a Bathroom Break

Author: MisakaBestGirl

*000*2020-05-27 00:13

Ding-dong!

The school bell rang for the end of last period, a relieving sound for Jessica who had been uncomfortably sitting in her desk for the last 2 hours. She waited in her seat, hiding her crossed legs, while her class filtered out of the door.

”Finally... I can’t wait to get home, I’ve been wanting a wee all day.”

She stood up, her hand buried into her checkered gingham dress (a common summer uniform for British schoolgirls) to help manage the pressure. The hand was quickly removed once she was stood up however as it would embarrassing if anyone saw, naturally.

Jessica followed her class out of the door and headed for the school’s front gates, occasionally squeezing her thighs together. On the way she walked past the school toilets but despite her bladder’s complaints she walked past them, she could hold it until she got home and she was far too shy to use them, plus they’re gross.

###

“Ah, home again... I’ll just make some tea and then I’ll head upstairs to finally have a wee.”, thought Jessica to herself as she fidgeted in the doorway of her house, 15 minutes of walking later.

She went into the kitchen, flicked the kettle on, opened the cupboard, took out 3 teabags and filled the teapot. Her mum would come home from her friend’s house soon so Jessica wanted to make her a cup too, plus her sister might want one. Luckily for Jessica the kettle was already full, she didn’t fancy filling it up with such a full bladder.

A minute or so later the kettle finished and Jessica quickly poured it into the pot, having to squeeze her legs quite tight to hold it in as the flowing water strengthened her need. Being British and too shy to use school bathrooms, Jessica was used to this, since her bathroom was upstairs she would usually make some tea and take that upstairs with her before relieving herself of the day’s liquid, as it saved a trip up and down the stairs.

Jessica sat down in her mother’s armchair in the living room and tried to get comfy until the tea was brewed, but she had to keep jiggling her legs to resist the pressure.

“Oooh, I need a wee so bad...!

The 4 minutes felt like longer as she had to endure a whole bladderfull of wee, but eventually the tea was ready and Jessica finished it with crossed legs.

She took a rather large mug for herself and walked upstairs, being gentle to avoid upsetting her bladder.

”Alice? I made you a pot of tea so if you want a cup there’s some in the kitchen.”, Jessica called to her sister as she reached the landing.

Her sister poked her head out of her bedroom door, with towels wrapped around her body and hair.

”Oh, thanks Jess! Mum ran us a bath earlier and she asked me to tell you to have yours quick, before it gets cold.”

”You’re welcome, and thanks for telling me.”

Alice shut herself in her bedroom and Jess made for hers.

She put her tea down on her desk, and started undressing, neatly folding up her uniform, and beginning to tidy up her bedroom a bit to take her mind off of her growing need for relief. When she was finished, she quickly downed her tea and headed for the bathroom, and forgetting the toilet she stepped into her bath and submerged herself.

”Aaaaaahhhhh... that feels so nice...”, she sighed as she relaxed under the water.

However a few seconds later she remembered what she’d forgotten: “Nnngh... r-right... I didn’t h-have a wee.”

She thought about getting out of the bath but decided to hold it, she’d be done fairly quick and another 20 minutes should be manageable, she had managed to hold it for most of her school day after all. She simply pressed her legs together and continued her bath.

Attempting to take her mind off of how badly she needed a wee, she leant back and got her hair wet, keeping only her face above the water. As more of her sank under the water the pressure on her bladder grew and she found herself scissoring her legs together and apart quickly.

”I can wait until after, I just need to take my mind off of it.”, thought Jess and jiggled her legs.

Jessica prepared to shampoo her hair, it’s long, golden, wavy strands floating in the water. She sat up, giving her crotch a quick squeeze, and got the bottle off the shelf. She covered her hair in shampoo, quickly washed it off under the water, and then conditioned it afterwards.

“Okay, I just need to wait a bit while it conditions, then I can finally have a wee...”

Keeping her long hair clear of the water, Jess grabbed a comb and tried to sit still while she went through her hair as it conditioned.

Unfortunately for her (and her desperate bladder), her tea hit her unexpectedly and the urge suddenly spiked.

”A-ahh! Nnnnggggghhh d-don’t wee don’t wee don’t w-w-wee!”, Jessica suddenly exclaimed, plunging her free hand under the water and into her clenching crotch, the extra wee seriously pushing for release.

The spike subsided somewhat, and a very squirmy Jessica (now totally unable to sit still) tried to continue with her hair, with one hand still clutching her girly area.

When she was done combing she gently removed her hand from her tensed crotch and her bladder gave a sudden twinge of pressure, nearly causing her tired bladder to leak. She felt around her bladder, it was hard and bulging. Usually it would stick out after a long day at school, but it was usually just firm. The tea and the bath were really pushing her limits.

Still massaging her brimming bladder, she gently doused her hair and washed the conditioner out.

”Oooh, at last! I can’t wait much longer...!”, Jess exclaimed and stood up, the sudden movement causing a big spurt to shoot out and splash into the bathwater. In response she crossed her legs and tightly held herself once again, standing up was NOT doing her bladder any favours.

“Aaah... I’m gonna burst...”, she worried as she desperately weewee-danced to hold back the flood.

Jessica pulled out the drain, the noise of the water flowing definitely worsening the (already bad) situation, and stepped out of the bathtub, little dribbles of wee adding to the wetness of her lower area. Each step was torture on her overloaded bladder, the wee bordering on exploding out. Slowly the bursting girl reached the toilet and sat down, and within seconds her control was lost and her bulging bladder released, Jess sighed with reel life as her pent-up golden fluid was finally let out, giving her aching bladder the relief it had been begging for since that morning.

###

Thanks for reading my story, I really hope you enjoyed it. ^_^ it was very fun to write and I really want to start doing more writing soon, every time I’ve tried previously other stuff has got in the way. >_<

-Shio

