The bladder-buster cruise - Page 2

Author: Markj9494

*023*2020-06-03 12:05

{{9 hours ago, watchinghold said:

A very well written chapter, though sadly I did not really enjoy it. Once again you're hitting on my serious pet peeve of people being punished for things that are not their fault. I was willing to let it go before as you gave some fairly good reasons for Sasha, but now two more of our leads have fallen victim to it. I'm really sorry, I hate to rain on everyone's parade, and if you are enjoying this story I ask you disregard me. And for what it's worth, Barbara's first eruption was superbly built up and spectacular in execution. I just can't help but feel indignant-by-proxy for our heroines and however many other women on this cruise who had their chance at the prize snatched away by a failure of the cruise's facilities, not their own bodies; it's not fair, it's not right, and it's not fun.

All that said though, I will reiterate that the writing in this story is fantastic, easily the best written story I've read here for quite awhile. And outside forces aside, I am enjoying the rising tension as the days drag on; in fact, I kind of wish you could emphasize that more, show a bit more of how many women are still in this and what their state is like. Most of all, I am positively desperate to see what happens to Cath, how big her bladder bulge will get, how much longer she can last, and how big her own eruption will be when she inevitably fails. Or if she has some secret that's at the heart of her confidence; could she be one of those rare women who has lost her ability to involuntarily urinate? Is that why she's so calm and can quaff down seemingly endless liters of drink, because she knows that no matter how full she gets she couldn't wet herself if she wanted to?

}}

Hey thanks for reading and the compliments, it means a lot!

Sorry it wasn't all to your tastes, I thought you might not be a fan of that bit given your earlier critique. However, I thought that it fit the story well to add in that extra scene around the main holding contest, plus im kind of releasing about a chapter in advance so it was mostly already written. It can be hard to please everyone, but im glad to see you are still enjoying some of it!

In terms of why it happened and the background / behind the scenes of my thoughts, which are irreverent to the story and also probably wont make it any more enjoyable for you, sorry. But it might help explain my thought process if thats of any interest or might help it look a little bit less random.

On the base level and looking at it from the point of view of the cruise its not in their interests to help the women last longer given that they loose money for each one that makes it to the next day. Its kind of underhanded, but at the same time they are not deliberately making the women loose it. With the belt, it was a combination of Sasha's writhing when they were attaching it and her desperate and hopeless attempt to take it off incorrectly that lead to the jam. Again, not the cruises fault but then again if its happened a few times so you might think they would fix it if they really wanted too. Although I doubt that Sasha would have made it another 16 hours without peeing , but thats not the point you are making, which I agree with it being a tad unfair for what happened to her to have happened.

As for the lift, I was always planning on putting in an extra scene in as I thought it fit the pacing of the story well. But it was kind of hard to come up with something interesting / with some degree of bladder peril that wasn't just about beating someone else at holding their pee. So I began thinking about what could go wrong on the ship, especially with so much pee soaking into the floors over the first 2 days. Thats when I thought about the fact that given the somewhat cheapskates (given their decision with the belts) of the cruise operators, there could be some other issues like electrical faults. Wether they were caused by lack of maintenance or in my head by the passengers accidents and lack of water proofing.

That's where the idea came from, but I also wanted to make sure it wasn't going to cause anyone to loose the competition, or at least any of our main characters. Like you say, I agree it would have been a bit unfair to have that happen and would probably have been a bit anti-climactic. But at the same time it is possible other passengers had a similar issue, but I hadn't explicitly thought about that. Realistically I feel like its unlikely something like that would happen. It was just another little bit to add to the story and being a little unfair was kind of the point, as I guess most accidents are caused by something unforeseen happening beyond the control of the characters.

Again sorry it hit your peeved button, but I do appreciate the feedback!

All good and bad comments help me figure out what people respond well too, although I have to say a lot of this is pure vanity of writing for myself. But I do still take peoples comments into consideration, especially when planning the extra little bits around the main stories. So thank you.

Some of the things you are talking about will be answered in the next and likely final chapter, but I dont want to give away too much yet.

Its like 75% written so it hopefully wont be too much longer, but the endings are always hard to finish and make sure they live up to the hype.

*027*2020-06-04 17:55

{{39 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

Hey, no need to apologize - you did not rage at all! You gave a (well founded) opinion, that's perfectly fine!

Yeah, my opinion differs, but that doesn't make yours any less legit

It's always nice to read praise, sure - but I am equally sure that the author values your opinion a lot. In fact you benefit more from critic than from praise. Because the critic has another perspective. And even if you do not share that persepective, you gain something from it. Always. If you are prepared to listen - which most persons will do if the critic is well written and not just a "rage". And like I already said, your critic was the former and definitly no rage.

}}

Hit the nail on the head, my thoughts exactly.

Also thank you both for having a nice discussion about this, it is nice and refreshing to see there are still people on the internet who can disagree but have a cordial chat about something

*028*2020-06-07 16:36

Chapter 6: Ace up her sleeve. (Finale)

A couple of hours later all four of them were once again sat in Barbara’s room, they had all been happy to see Lilli had made it through the night and even seemed to be doing ok. Her desperation was clear to see as she sat on her heel bouncing slightly on the bed, but she still felt confident she could last a couple more hours if she needed to. However what they actually hoped for was that none of the others had made it this far.

“Right should we get a move on?” Barbara said, it was almost time for the morning check in, hopefully the last of them.

Standing Lilli clutched herself for a moment, “Man I have to pee, I hope this doesn’t last long” she said smoothing out the folds in her bronze dress. She wasn’t planning on wearing it again, but having gone through her entire suitcase it was the only thing that didn’t require her to button them up. She cursed her tendency to wear trousers and shorts.

“Who knows, maybe you are already the only one left” Janet said, hoping her friend could avoid the same humiliation she had last night. Thankfully it seemed she and Barbara had somewhat gotten away with it.

Walking to the main room they noticed the ship was much quieter than the others days, with most people being out of the contest and breakfast served at the back of the ship, no one had reason to be here. Lilli was extremely happy to see there wasn’t a line or anyone else in the room, maybe Janet had been right, maybe she had already won.

“Hi, can I have your pass please?” The man behind the desk said, this time he was accompanied by a short woman they hand't seen before.

“Here it is” She said, watching the man open a large book that she did her best to read upside down. As he cross referenced it with a set of numbers on the pages she began to realise what it was, it was a book of remaining competitors. Thick black lines through almost all the rows were a clear sign that most people hadn’t made it. In fact on the two pages she could see there was only a single line that wasn’t crossed out. Was that her’s? had she won? To her dismay the man then turned the page twice to a similar looking page and found her number, she wasn’t the only one!.

“Here you go, would you like credit or Euro’s?”

“Euro’s please” she said, her legs moving constantly as she walked on the spot.

“Here you go”

“Thank you…Can I ask how many other people are still competing?”

“Yes sure, including yourself there are just 4 passengers who are unaccounted for in this list. Although we haven’t cross referenced it with the bathroom log of the last couple of hours so its possible that there have been others ruled out. Although if there had I would expect them to have contacted us given the stage of the contest.”

Only 4 people! “Thank you” she said, walking back to the others.

“Ok guys, there are only 3 other people still in the contest. Do you think that its Cath and the others?”

Almost as soon as the words left her mouth her question was answered as Cath and her friends entered the room. With any doubt of them still holding their pee was immediately removed.

Cath looked heavily pregnant; her distended bladder was easy to see from every angle as it pressed inches out of her once flat stomach. The grey leggings she was wearing being pulled to their limit by the now large gut sticking out of her. But other than her slightly flushed face and the combination of grey leggings and red blouse showing off her bulging bladder, it would have been hard to tell she was desperate.

Next to her Nikki was much less composed as her left hand was pressing hard against the crotch of her coral blue athletic pants. The bulge sticking out of her abdomen being almost shown off by the matching blue bra under a see-through shawl that covered her top half. The lack of any real clothing covering her midsection showed the true extent of her skin stretching bulge, the strange protrusion bloating out of her tonned stomach. Nikki’s straight blonde hair now looking slightly dishevelled, and her red eyes suggested she had spent much of the night tossing and turning in her bed unable to sleep.

She was walking towards them taking careful and purposeful strides that didn’t separate her legs too much. While Lilli might have been worried by Cath’s confident appearance she could definitely relate to Nikki at the moment or may even be better off than her. Although considering that Nikki had drunk more than she had over entire trip just from loosing the darts game last night, it showed how strong she really was. But thankfully this wasn’t just a contest of capacity, but longevity.

Last came Eva who was trailing behind them slightly, unable to walk to far without stopping and pressing both hands between her legs. She was clearly in a lot of trouble, but she had made it to the morning, so she could at least get her final prize before Lilli assumed darting to the toilets. Sweat patches on her Emerald green romper a sure sign of the effort she was putting in, her body burning up to contain itself. Out of the three of them Eva’s bladder also seemed to be the largest despite the extra drinks Cath had consumed, although this could have been due to their clothing. Eva’s romper had no waistline at all and allowed her bladder to expand easily and as much as it wanted too, while Cath’s elasticated leggings may have been helping to hide the true extent of her bulge.

“You made it!” Cath said, a smile appearing on her face as she noticed Lilli still holding a packet of Euro notes.

“Hey Cath” Lilli smiled back “How are you guys doing?”

“That would be telling, and don’t think just because im happy to see you we are not still rivals. I plan on winning and I hope you do too” She said raising an eyebrow in Lilli’s direction.

“Yes, I cant lie Its getting hard, but I will hold on as long as I can now its down to just the 4 of us.”

“That’s good to hear, wait so its just us girls left?” She said loudly, turning to the members of staff currently handing a desperate looking Eva her Euro’s.

“Um, Yes I can confirm it appears that it is just your two parties that are competing.” He said, the announcement making Cath’s smile even larger, the look of competition back her eyes just as had been last night.

“So what should we do then, since its just he 4 of us left?” Cath asked, going up to collect her own prize, bending her leg slightly as she stood their waiting.

Feeling her bladder pulse Lilli knew she couldn’t take Cath or the others head on, but going off how much more desperate at least two of them seemed from last night her best option was time. She had to play the waiting game, she knew her bladder was full, more than full, but she hadn’t drunk anywhere near as much. Assuming they hadn’t drunk anything since last night it was still those drinks that had increased their desperation and probably meant they were still trying to get use to their bloated bodies. Where as she had not drunk anything since about 9pm and therefore had 12ish hours to get use to it.

“I was just thinking we would have a peaceful morning, maybe plan the rest of the week?” Lilli said.

“Oh…ok, that sounds sensible.” Cath said clearly disappointed with her answer, but Lilli was sure she would be fun again after this whole bladder buster was over.

“You are welcome to join us if you want, may as well all stay together since its just us.” She said walking over to a nearby table and putting a number of leaflets on the table.

Pulling over a second table and a few more chairs the two groups joined again, browsing through the weeks activities and trying to pick things they could all do together. Lilli was glad they were getting on again and other than the couple of odd noises from Eva and the shuffling of legs from herself and Nikki the contest was all but forgotten in the excitement. It helped distract herself but soon she began to feel her bladder began asking for release with renewed energy. Pressing her knees together she used a free hand under the table to gently squeeze herself for a moment. Resting it on her bare thigh she did her best not to fidget, but it was getting increasingly difficult.

As Eva let out another short gasp Sasha looked into her eyes, her desperation written across her face as her legs moved restlessly. “Are you doing ok?” She whispered

“I think so” Eva said quietly, clutching her bloated abdomen with both hands as she danced in her seat.

“Don’t hurt yourself” Sasha said, genuinely concerned for her well being.

“Im ok, I can hold it longer, in fact I think its getting a little bit easier” Eva said with a little smile, but it was clearly a facade and Sasha wasn’t buying it.

As the morning wore on they had selected the trips and planned the rest of the week. Now just chatting it was getting harder for Lilli to distract herself from her bladder, next to her the others could tell she was struggling because she was being strangely quiet and not imputing much into the conversations. Although she wasn't the onlu one, Nikki was looking increasingly desperate with her legs remaining tightly crossed and a hand occasionally disappearing under the table.

Another gasp from Eva caught their attention as her face burned red from the embarrassment of having everyone suddenly looking at her.

"Im ok, just a spasm"

But it wasn't a single spasm, Eva was now occasionally gasping every couple of minutes as spasms of pain radiated out of her expanded bladder, her hair now sticking to her face as she started to sweat more and more. Yet still she tried to contain herself, it seemed obvious to everyone but herself that she was no match for others, but still she held.

Beside her Sasha had been trying to help by distracting Eva with small talk and trying to get to know her new friend. But it had just turned into her asking Eva questions which she gave simple and often vague answers too. She couldn't stand the pained expression covering Eva's face, she hated seeing her this miserable.

“What time is it?” Eva asked, the first time she had initiated anything with her in almost half an hour.

“Its almost 11 why?” Sasha responded, slightly shocked.

“Because I cant hold this any more” she cried loudly a tear rolling down her cheek. Eva's body started to almost vibrate in her seat, her jaw clenched and eyes closed. Sasha was expecting to see the crotch of her romper darken, but somehow it seemed that despite the largest and most powerful pulse yet, Eva’s bladder had contained itself.

“Um, I..., I just need to go” Eva stuttered, reaching out a hand she placed it on the table and with shaking legs she stood.

“Im done” She said, turning towards the ladies room. Taking a step she quickly hunched over and with one hand between her legs she stopped, her bladder clearly not enjoying the movement as she shook violently. Using her free hand she cupped her distended bladder, groaning loudly in the large room as she screwed up her face in pain.

“Are you ok? This doesn’t look healthy?” Sasha asked, concerned that she was doing herself bodily harm. Surely the embarrassment of wetting herself had to be favourable than the pain she was in.

“I can do it!” Eva cried, resolute she was going to make it to the toilet.

Taking another step, then another she slowly advanced across the room.

“I’m going to go help her” Sasha said to the group before rushing over and holding a door open, waiting for Eva to struggle her way through it. Thankfully the toilets were only about 20 meters from the main room, the sign beckoning to Eva as she made her way breathing as if she was trying to lift a 20 tonne car. Stopping for a moment she pressed between her legs and wrapped them around each other like a pretzel.

"You can do it!" Sasha said, if Eva was going to try she was going to support her all the way, physically if she had too.

"I....I cant move" Eva stuttered.

"Yes you can, you can do it." Sasha said, cheering her on.

"I....."

Leaning over Sasha kissed her on the cheek, her face instantly reddening having realised what she had done.

"Now come on, you can do it" She said softly to Eva.

Taking a few steps it seemed her support had given the groaning beauty a second wind, finally she made it to the door of the bathroom.

“Im sorry, you care going to have to come in with me” Eva said,

“Wait what?”

“If I take my hands away I’m going to wet myself immediately” she said calmly, a drop of sweat falling from her nose.

“I ok, If you are sure”

Opening the door for her Sasha was happy to see no other women in the room, other than the one behind the desk.

Looking up the attendant could clearly see the state of poor Eva, her tangled hair, bulging bladder and awkward stance more than enough to show her the level of desperation. She didn’t even try to talk or stop them as Sasha helped Eva into one of the stalls. She closed the stall door behind them as Eva let out another guttural moan, the sight of the toilet just a foot away almost too much for her as she bent at the knees, both hands rammed deep into the crotch of her romper.

“You have to help me” Eva whimpered “Its coming out”

Moving swiftly, Sasha grasped the zip on the back Eva’s romper. Despite how stretched the fabric was and several f the zip links being pulled apart by the sheer size of Eva’s bladder bulge, it still ran down her slender back with no issue. The green material falling away followed by her underwear, the thin strap on them having snapped under the immense pressure of her bladder.

Feeling her romper fall from her Eva moaned as she turned to sit on the toilet, a forceful jet of pee shooting from her before she was even in positions and splattering noisily onto the hard ground. Pivoting she managed to sit back onto the toilet as the forceful stream hit the rim of the toilet spraying everywhere, before finally it noisily hit the water of the toilet. Panting she moaned again, this time in absolute relief as her tormented bladder was finally allowed to empty, her eyes closed she could finally enjoy the moment. As time passed and her pee continued she opened her eyes, eyes that went wide as she realised she was now sat naked with Sasha in front of her watching her pee. Sasha’s face was bright red, a strange look over her face of embarrassment and something else.

Sasha’s mind was racing as she watched Eva moan in pleasure, her eyes closed but she could see the delight written across her face. She knew she should turn away but she just couldn’t, there was something immensely intimate and erotic about watching the beautiful woman in front of her receiving pleasure from the most basic of functions. Sasha could feel her hands getting clammy, her breath shortening as she continued to watch Eva pant in relief.

When Eva opened her eyes Sasha was sure that her new friend would be shocked, possibly even offended by her presence and gawping, but that didn’t seem to be the case. As the pee continued to leave Eva and noisily hit the water beneath her, they locked eyes and Sasha could see the look in her eyes. She watched as Eva slowly opened her legs wide as a steam fell between them, revealing her most private parts almost as an invitation. It was an invitation that Sasha never thought she would be interested in, but now as her heart beat rapidly in her chest she could think of nothing else.

“You can stop me at any time” she whispered to Eva, taking two steps towards the peeing woman who's chest was still heaving. Slowly Sasha extended her left hand and gently cupped one of Eva’s perfect breasts, eliciting a hiss of pleasure to escape the brunette. Sasha’s right hand slowly stroked the inside of Eva’s thigh before working its way up to her crotch. She could feel the heat of the piss still falling between her slender legs as she working her way up. Finally her hand made contact with Eva’s pussy, the light contact turning the hiss of pleasure into a quiet moan of pleasure that gained intensity and volume as she began rubbing. She could feel the goosebumps forming on both of them as she started to pleasure the peeing Eva.

She watched as Eva’s face became instantly flushed, her breathing becoming ragged as the pair of them maintained intense eye contact. Feeling Eva’s body respond was sending Sasha’s own desire wild, continuing to rub in small circles she could feel Eva’s body writhing in pleasure as her chest heaved and heart raced. As eva’s bladder still emptied into the toilet beneath them, Sasha forced two fingers in against the torrent of pee and making Eva moan loudly. Sasha’s left hand that had been playing with one of Eva’s exposed nipples quickly covered Eva's mouth as she leaned closer, their faces now millimetres apart.

Moving her fingers in and out with a perfect rhythm she felt Eva’s muscles starting to contract in time. Her pee was now shooting out in intense bursts as she approached a climax of a different kind. Finally her body could take no more teasing and Eva let out a groan muffled by Sasha's hand. Continuing her movements she watched as Eva’s back arched while her toes curled in her shoes. Sasha slowed her movements as she saw Eva go cross eyed, pleasure completely overcoming her as her heavy breathing stopped in a moment of pure bliss. Beneath her Eva's legs were now quivering for a different reason as her feet arched inwards and after several seconds her body went limp. Taking her hand out of the now exhausted Eva she marvelled at how she continued to pee, Eva must really have been holding a lot.

Meanwhile…

Watching Eva’s desperate walk had really brought the reality of the situation to Lilli as her bladder renewed its demands for her to visit a toilet. Ripples of discomfort flew through her abdomen as it cramped badly for a few seconds. Uncrossing her legs she shifted slightly in her seat before re-crossing her legs the other way. Looking up she couldn’t help but make eye contact with Cath who seemed to be watching her closely, worryingly she noticed the same look as she had seen on Caths face during the battle with Barbara last night.

“Well, looks like its down to just us 3”

“Unless you want to follow Eva and save us all sometime” Cath said with a wink, although Lilli could tell she was partly serious.

“She wont give in that easily” Barbara got in before Lilli could respond.

“Well, im afraid while you might have a good capacity Barb, I can see how desperate your sister has become. She is hiding it well but I can tell she is near the end.”

“Im doing just fine” Lilli said, the confrontation stoking the fire inside her.

“Well even if you are, your bladder is no match for ours. The only reason you made it this far is because you didn’t drink as much as we have. Which means….” She trailed off as she rummaged around in the small bag she had with her.

“What do you say, why dont we speed this up a bit” Cath said, pulling out her free drink booklet, tearing out the final page. “Didn’t you have one left as well?” She asked Nikki who even in her desperate state seemed happier as she too brought out a ticket. “Im sorry to do this Lilli but your sister really did a number on me, and im sure these two drinks will be more than enough to finish you off”

Despite the upper hand seemingly being with Cath a smirk appeared on Lilli’s face, unsettling her two opponents. It was true what Cath had just said about her capacity, and she knew she was probably right about the next two pints being more than she could hold for long. But Lili had an ace up her sleeve. Taking her hand out from between her legs she reached into her own pocket and pulled her drink card out, opening it to reveal that none had been used!

“Well, I wasn’t going to use this. But since you have used yours I think its only fair I do.” She said, turning the tables once again. Watching as Cath and Nikki exchanged nervous glances with each other.

Sliding the tickets onto the table she was suddenly more optimistic about her chances. The look of horror on Nikki’s face at the prospect of drinking 5 more pints was a sure sign of how desperate the blonde woman was. For her part Cath was still looking like she was sure she could win this, but her accidental admission to how much of an impact last nights drinking was having on her, only strengthened Lillis resolve. Thankfully for them this room also housed a small bar, typically for those wanting to enjoy a quiet drink while on the deck. However, now it would play a vital role in the battle of the bladders that was about to begin.

“I’ll get the first round in then” Cath said, taking a trio of their tickets “In fact I’m a little glad you still had some tickets, my throats a little parched."

Last night Lilli would have completely believed her, but as she watched the boasting Cath walk to the bar she could tell not all was well inside the brown haired beauty. Her walking gate was off, taking slightly smaller steps and on much more rigid legs. It seemed the drinks from last night really had caught up with her, although given just how much and how late they were drinking, part of Lilli wondered if they were still making their way through her system even now.

As the first round of drinks was brought to the table, each of the three women picked up their glasses and clinked them together. Despite the intense battle that was about to start, it was important to show they were still friends no matter how hard they were about to push each other.

Lilli and Nikki sipped from their glasses slowly over the next few minutes, while Cath drained hers quickly by taking a series of large gulps. Lilli was starting to wonder if the woman even knew how to drink at a normal pace any more. As she watched Cath smack her lips after draining her glass It seemed the two of them had vastly different strategies on how to win this, but Lilli wasn’t going to let Cath’s showboating get to her. Drinking slowly would mean her bladder would be able to slowly stretch, or at least that’s what her plan was. A plan that Cath was trying to work out as she sat across from Lilli, studying her. All three of them were trying to hide their need, but each of them were starting to wear down.

Cath and Nikki opted to take their second glass before making Lilli drink. The idea being that it would be much more of a psychological boost to know you were done drinking with your rivals still having 3 more to drink. Not that Lilli minded the extra break, in her mind this was perfect as it allowed her to stretch out the intake that much more. She watched as Nikki tipped the drink back, trying to drink a bit quicker for some reason. Had Cath said something to her? What ever the reason it seemed to backfire.

Steadily drinking from her glass with closed eyes Nikki furrowed her brow as something seemed to catch in her throat for a moment, making her cough into her glass. Moments latter she began spluttering as the cough caused her to breath in while she drank. Her hands went to her mouth to stop her spraying water everywhere, but by the second cough they flew back between her legs, each cough causing her bladder to rise and fall painfully. Somehow as the others watched on she remained dry, groaning loudly and her legs crossed as tightly as possible she was still in this. Having regained control of herself Nikki reached over and picked the glass up, putting it to her lips once again she drank the rest of it down.

It had only been about 30 minutes since she had started drinking but Lilli could swear she could feel her bladder filling up already. The dull ache insider her bladder was starting to nag more and more, causing a constant voice in the back of her head that was telling her just to pee. But she could see the light at the end of the tunnel, she still had the advantage! But even so, she couldn’t help starting to bob her tightly crossed legs under the table. It was a sure give away of her increasing need but she had to do something. After a few moments the constant jiggling seemed to help, she still didn’t understand why but she wasn’t going to question it.

Cath’s eyes narrowed for a second as she pursed her lips, she had clearly seen the change in Lilli’s demeanour and was going to capitalise on it. The subtle shaking of her torso above the table a clear sign that something else was going on under it.

“How about another drink Lilli?” She said, ignoring the slightly worried look from Nikki. They had only just finished their last ones and she had been hoping for a small break.

“Do I even have a choice?” Lilli rolled her eyes, but this was the last drink at least.

“Not really” Cath said with a smile, although it seemed a little more forced than before. Handing over two more tickets Lilli was happy to see Cath press her legs tightly together at the bar, it was clear she was trying to play it cool but she had seen the subtle sign. But at the same time she couldn’t help but marvel at the size of the bulge coming out of Cath's stomach. She had to be containing at least three or four times what Lilli's own body was capable of, had she been born with such a large bladder or was it something you could work on she wondered to herself. Walking back over Cath placed the three glasses on the table, quickly picking her own up to begin drinking. Again Lilli wondered why was she drinking so fast, surely that couldn’t help in the long run, or was she trying to intimidate her? Either way as Lilli picked up her glass she could take comfort in the fact she was done drinking after this.

For poor Nikki every second passing was making it harder and harder to control herself, a thin layer of sweat was now covering her glistening body. The heat and exertion taking their toll as she sat rigidly and un-moving in her seat, a strange wild eyed look written across her face that was anything but calm. The pressure inside her bladder was immense and only the hands between her tightly crossed legs were holding it at bay, and now she needed to remove at least one to drink this glass.

Nikki took a deep breath, she knew that drinking quickly would likely make everything ten times worse. But at this point she needed her hands for support, she couldn't think about what it would be like in another hour, if she could make it that long. With a vice like grip she squeezed herself through her athletic leggings, removing her left hand and reaching for the glass. She really didn’t want to drink this, the pressure and pain inside her bladder would have been enough to make her give up, but she couldn’t let Cath down, she had to keep drinking.

Lilli stared down at the pint glass in front of her, a drop of condensation slowly rolling down the outside of the glass. This was it, this was the final drink. If she could somehow get her bladder to just stretch that little bit more, she could win this! Although part of the problem was that her bladder was stretching, it was being forced to contain more and more against its will and she could feel its tightness increasing at an alarming rate. Her body had somewhat gotten use to her previous fullness after last night, but now it was being made to hold more it was starting to revolt. As her hand made contact with the cold glass she felt her bladder spasm, she couldn’t help but grunt quietly as the first sparks of pain rather than discomfort radiated from her bloated bladder.

Closing her eyes Lilli knew there was no point in hiding her desperation levels any more, so slowly she pulled up her right leg and placed it under herself. It was a trick she had learnt pulling all nighters at University, sitting on her heel helped use the full weight of her body to press on her most private areas. It was far more benefit that just having her hand there and more than that it supported her tiring muscles while leaving her hands free. Something Nikki didn’t seem to have thought of, although going off the vacant stare in her eyes as she was swiftly drinking the next pint, it seemed she was having some sort of outer body experience. A feverish look on her sweating face broken as she winced, a bead of sweat rolling painfully into her eye.

For the next 15 minutes Lilli watched the others as she gently rocked on her heel, all pretences of hiding anything from the others had gone out of the window in the last hour. Her bladder was full, possibly fuller than it had ever been before and the light cramping had started to turn into serious spasms of pain which seemed to ripple through her bladder all the way to her toes. It was evident from the occasional worried looks her sister was giving her that she didn’t look like she was doing well. If she wanted to win she would need to do something.

“Ok guys, you ready for another pint?” she said holding up a pair of tickets.

Even Cath seemed to pause before taking the ticket, while Nikki just let out a little moan as she too sat rocking on her chair. Both hands firmly between her legs, one eye occasionally twitching as her body seemed to be racked with more and more pulses or contractions from her bladder. The last thing she needed right now was another drink, but Lilli had needed to be ruthless if she wanted to win.

Taking a few deep breaths Lilli needed to concentrate, she had been kind of zoning out and focusing on nothing but her need to pee. But that wasn’t what she should be focusing on, she should be focusing on the bulging bladders of the two women sat at her table.

Wait…was that, it couldn’t be.

Looking over at the bar, Cath was now stood with a hand firmly between her legs pressing into her crotch. It was just a moment, but it was yet another sign she was starting to break. Even though all that liquid hadn’t reached her bladder yet, it must have been sitting uncomfortably inside her stomach. A quickly bloating stomach that would surely be pressing on her bladder by now, a fact that gave Lilli her plan. Although it was kind of the same plan when she thought about it, but now she had reason to believe it would work.

“Hic”

“UNNNG nnno, Not now!” Nikki shouted. Her arms doubling down the pressure between her legs, pressing her elbows together she bore down on her muscles for all she was worth.

“Was that a…” Lilli started

“Hic”

“Oh Ffffffuck” Niki hissed, groaning loudly as her whole diaphragm heaved up and down painfully. Her face red and eyes wide in disbelief that this could be happening.

“I don’t….I ca..."

“Hic” She let out a pained groan as her whole body shook. It seemed her drinking methods had backfired and surely it would spell disaster.

“Hic”

“Oh no” She whimpered, looking down at her crotch where there was now a small dark blue spot around her crotch.

“Hic”

A hiss filled the room for a few seconds, a small jet of pee darkening the inside of her right leg. The small damp patch growing in size and spreading around her backside as she remained sat where she was.

“please no…”Nikki whimpered again

“Hic”

A larger spurt this time, snaking its way down her tensed thigh it left a trail from her now drenched crotch all the way past her knee. A few drops even dropping off her leg and onto the floor.

“Hic”

A third spurt, much smaller this time as some how she still had some control apparently. Although the random and unpredictable timing and force of each one made preparing for them almost impossible.

“Hic”

“Oh shit….no that’s me” She grunted, standing up from her chair the light blue of her leggings were instantly drenched in a deluge of pee that exploded out from between her hands that were still trying to hold it together for a few more seconds.

“Hic”

The hiss from her pants increased in volume as her body heaved again. A jet of highly pressurised pee bursting out of her leggings and splattering to the ground near a leg of the table, causing many to shift their position slightly in case of a repeat.

“Im sorry, but I can’t help it” Nikki said breathing heavily as her tortured body finally won.

“Hic” Another jet forced its way out of the dense nylon material.

Nikki’s legs were now completely saturated in her own pee, the light material almost all a shade darker as streams of pee continued to run down he toned legs. A growing wetness was seeping into the carpet around where she stood, the forceful hiss now audible through the quiet room. The chitchat of the others stopping as they witnessed the spectacular ending of Nikki’s massive bladder. For Almost two minutes she wet herself, the puddle under her spreading out substantially and turning the red carpet a deep maroon colour as it became saturated itself.

Finally the torrent ended and to everyone’s surprise Nikki let out a laugh.

“Of course now they stop” She said, moving a strand of damp blonde hair out of her eyes.

Sighing heavily the others could see the colour return to her much more relaxed face, the life in her eyes also returning now that she was no longer in pain or at the mercy of her bladder.

“Well I should probably go shower. Sorry Cath you are going to have to beat Lilli on your own. You’re a lot more fierce than you look” She said taking a deep breath.

“I….uh thanks?” Lilli said, unsure if it was a compliment or not. But right now she had other things on her mind.

Cath for her part had been stood behind Nikki the entire time, her eyes glues to the spreading wetness running down her friend’s legs. Standing rigidly with both drinks still in her hands she could do little but stand by watching and trying to not look to bothered by the accident. However, she couldn’t help but bend her left leg and press her thighs tightly against each other for support. The once intense fire of competition gone from her eyes for a moment, but as Nikki walked off leaving a trail of wet footprints a steely look of determination replaced it.

“Well I guess those are both for you then” Lilli said, interrupting Cath’s train of thought. Looking down she had forgotten she was holding a drink for her and for Nikki, but with Nikki out it appeared Lilli intended for her to drink both.

“Wow you are getting really brutal Lilli, im impressed” Cath replied, tilting one of the glasses back and beginning to chug.

Lilli did feel kind of bad for what she was doing to the already pregnant looking Cath, but she had no choice. Now having finished both drinks she was feeling the impacts of them in her bladder and time was against her. In the last two hours she had rapidly gone from a solid 7 to almost a 9 which was a breakneck need to pee. Although having never wet herself as an adult she also didn’t quite know where a 10 was, but she was sure she would likely find out soon. As such, she knew she had to use every trick in the book to defeat her rival, including psychological warfare.

Pulling out her phone she quickly set a repeating 10 minute countdown on her phones alarm. Setting it down in the middle of their shared table it clearly displayed the time.

“Just so I don’t forget” she said to Cath, the realisation of what it meant dawning on her opponent. The rules stated that you could refuse a ticket for up to 10 minutes after a drink, so this was a countdown that would signal each time she would drink. For the first time she could feel the voice in the back of head telling her to just go and pee, she couldn’t win this.

As she started on the second pint she found her eyes glued to the screen of Lilli’s phone, watching the time slowly tick by. For the first time she felt her bulging bladder spasm inside her. The shock causing her to close her eyes, the water in the glass sloshing away from her closed mouth as she failed to keep up her track record of chugging the pints back with ease. How had this happened she thought, how had the power of the situation swung so much in favour of Lilli.

The next hour was a flurry of bouncing and drinking as Lilli forced Cath to swallow pint after pint, each one taking longer and longer for Cath to drink and seemingly sapping the energy of her opponent. Despite the defiant glare still remaining in her eyes it was easy to see the extra strain all these drinks were having on her. The once large and distended bladder now absolutely monstrous, combining with her bloated and full stomach to make her look heavily pregnant. It was almost impossible to imagine the flat stomach the girls had originally seen when they first met the now desperate woman.

However, the last hour had not been good for Lilli either, her desperation doubling as the time went on and the mornings drinks catching up with her. She was now constantly bounding on the heel of her foot which had fallen asleep about 10 minutes ago, but she didn’t want to risk changing to the other foot now. The pressure inside her was too much to handle, the previous scale of desperation had gone out of the window as the 9 she thought she was at before was now looking more like a 6. How she wished she could go back to that level of pressure and pain, the constant cramps in her bladder were now torturing her body.

But while painful they didn’t seem to be causing any extra strain on her bladder which was a weird sensation. Looking down she could also now see a small bulge sticking out of her own abdomen, a sight she had never seen before. She had never tried to push her body to this extreme and Lilli wasn’t that sure how much more she could take. The only thing that gave her any optimism was the transformation that had happened infront of her. The once stoic and casual Cath was now anything but, with her hands pressed firmly into her crotch and a dazed look written across her face as she fought the ocean of liquid inside her.

From the outside it seemed as if both of these women were about to crack, the desperate displays a valiant effort to stay in control but surely they would have to pee soon. An electronic rendition of “Why'd You Only Call Me When You're High?” by the arctic monkies blared from the phone still sat in the centre of the table. The noise snapping both women out of their 10 minutes stupor, a faint twitch occurring in Caths eye as the music apparently had some sort of impact on her, even without the drink.

“Don’t worry I’ll get it” said Nikki who had reappeared in the room after cleaning herself up. Her blonde hair shinning and stomach now flat once again.

Lilli winced as another spasm hit her hard, she couldn’t tell if the bouncing was helping any more. But what If stopping only made it worse, she was only just holding on.

“Here you go Cath” Nikki said, placing another pint on the table. “You've got this, you can handle anything”. She said trying to boost her friends moral.

“You’re right, I….I can do this” Cath said with a strained look on her face, picking up the glass she put it to her lips. As soon as the liquid made contact with her lips the brunette visibly shuddered, a chill running down her spine. But after the moment had passed she slowly started to drink, a ghost of the confident chugging that had been happening for the last two days. Half way through the pint Lilli watched as Cath paused, lowering the glass from her mouth for a moment.

It was the first time she had not drunk a glass all in one go and was a sure sign that she was really full, her body was at capacity and refusing to accept any more liquid. Closing her eyes and taking a few deep breaths Cath put the glass back up to her mouth and swiftly drank the rest. Placing the now empty glass on the table she let out a small groan, shuddering as her hand moved to her massively distended bladder. Cupping it she tried to sooth the bloated organ, her continual heavy breathing causing her body to heave up and down.

Another groan was heard in the room, but this time it was Lilli. She had stopped bouncing on her heel, the movement making her feel a bit nauseous and possibly not helping. After she stopped a hard spasm had caught her off guard, causing the groan and making her doubled over in her seat as pain rippled through her bladder once again.

“Oh, god this fucking sucks” Lilli hissed through clenched teeth.

“Your telling me” Cath said, a faint smile on her face. “I mean if you want to give up I wont stop you”

“Ok that’s it” Lilli said. Caths head darted up, was Lilli giving up despite her previous statement?

“I’ve got to stand up” Caths heart sank and apparently hit her bladder, another harder spasm shook through her body,

Concentrating on her own movements Lilli had missed the look of pain on her opponents face as she gripped the table and slowly stood. The movement causing her to double over again as her bladder lost the support of her heel, she could feel the muscles trembling inside her. Now standing she jammed her hands back into her crotch as she started the most intense pee dance any of them had seen. It was embarrassing but she had no choice, sitting still wasn’t working and walking had made it easier earlier so maybe it would help now?

Thankfully that seemed to be the case at least for the time being, her scissoring and dancing legs movements were taking the edge off the discomfort, although she wasn’t sure it was helping her control. But for now she had gone from a 10 to a 9.9, which was something. As the others watched on it was clear both were finally nearing the end as they rested perilously close to the edge of control and the disastrous and wet explosion that would come when their self control finally failed.

Another quiet groan escaped Caths lips as she started to rock gently in her seat. The sheer volume of drinks and pressure inside her were taking their toll. Her abdomen was now stretched further than she had ever seen or thought possible. The waistband of her leggings did nothing for to help her as they dug mercilessly into her bladder and stomach that were both filled to capacity and straining under the weight of their contents. Another spasm hit her hard as she felt the ocean of pee inside her batter against her defences with renewed rigour. Looking down at her stomach she could barely comprehend its size, it looked fake as it preposterously jutted out of her. She was maxed out and felt ready to pop at any moment, but she couldn’t give in, she wouldn’t give in. She knew she had the strongest bladder, just look at it!

Across the table she could see the desperate Lilli starting to dance around, her hands tightly squeezing at her crotch while her legs moved erratically. The look of concentration written across Lilli’s sweaty and red face a sure sign that she too was near the end of her control. Maybe she had been right with her strategy of getting Lilli to drink everything earlier after all.

Whimpering softly Lilli was unable to ignore the pressure inside her bladder any more, the drinks had definitely caught up with her and she was starting to panic. With each passing moment it seemed that her desperation grew and her dancing became more erratic. Bringing one hand up from her crotch she wiped a bead of sweat from her head before squeezing her thighs together and returning her hand between her crossed legs. She too had noticed the bulge in her abdomen, nothing compared to Cath’s but it was still an unhelpful reminder of just how full she was.

Her already tight dress was being pulled even tighter over her lightly bloated stomach, the constant movement making her dress almost chafe over the bulge. She let out another moan as her bladder spasmed again, causing a sudden peak in her desperation. How much longer could she last, after two days of holding she was all to aware of the fatigue that seemed to be setting in as she continually bore down on her muscles to hold her bladder shut.

Another pulse from her bladder, they seemed to be getting more and more frequent. It felt as if she was rapidly approaching her physical limit and soon there would be no gap between them, just one continuous and painful pulse from her bladder. A tear formed in the corner of her eye as she twisted and contorted herself, she couldn’t walk anymore, instead she was bobbing on the spot again. Grunting she felt her muscles give way for a moment, just for a second or maybe not even that long, but she had felt the leak. Her bladder burned inside her as she slammed the door shut on its escape attempt, screwing her eyes closed and pulling at her crotch with both hands. She could feel a faint wetness against her right hand that was now jammed between her tensed thighs, but somehow she was still in control.With her hands under her dress it wouldn't be visible even if she removed them.

Lilli’s phone sprang to life again, the musical alarm causing a hiss of air to escape from Cath. Her bladder pulsed strongly as it realised what that noise meant, the next and final pint was on its way. Taking a hand out from between her legs Lilli pulled the final drink card out and handed it to Nikki who went up to the bar for her friend. Watching Nikki place the drink on the table a quiet groan escaped Cath, causing Nikki to look at her with some concern. She had never seen her friend this desperate before, she was really being put through the ringer by Lilli.

“Im fine!” Cath said defiantly, spotting the look on Nikki’s face.

Although her shaking hand that was reaching for the glass was telling a different story. It was clear her ability to act confident and in control was breaking down rapidly. As her hand made contact with the cold glass she visibly shuddered, a chill running up her back as once again as the thought of holding any more liquid in her body caused it to react. Taking her first mothfull Cath felt her whole body shake forcefully as the strongest and most indescribable bladder pulse rolled through her body. Unlike the others which were sudden and quick, this one seemed to move in slow motion. Like a ripple from a stone thrown in a pond the pulse radiated from her heavily distended bladder, rolling up and down her body setting her nerve endings on fire for a moment.

The feeling was indescribable, but its force caused Cath to groan loudly, the water in the glass still pressed against her closed lips. Using her seemingly endless reserves of willpower she somehow overrode the commands from her brain to keep her mouth shut and began drinking again. Each mouthful rushing down her throat and causing ripple after ripple of this immense feeling to flow throughout her, it was like nothing she had ever felt as the timer on the ticking bomb that was her bladder seemed to be running out.

Despite Cath’s visible fight Lilli couldn’t enjoy or even watch it. Her eyes closed as she too was still fighting her own battle, as wave after wave of urgency rattled through her body. Her muscles were tiring and so was her will power. Before now the discomfort had been manageable, but as a fork of pain shot through her stomach it was almost too much.

“Come on, if its too much you don’t have to do this. Its just money” Barbara said putting a hand on the quivering Lilli.

Opening her eyes she could see the look on her sisters face, she was clearly concerned for her. But she was wrong it wasn’t just money, it was pride, it was esteem, it was finally a chance to show everyone that she had a strong bladder just like her sister. How she had wished to have one like Barbara for so long and now it was her chance to show she did. All the others had failed, they were relying on her and she had to do it, she had to push her bladder as far as it would go.

Looking over at her opponent she could see Cath had finally finished her drink and was pursing her lips, sat with her left leg tightly crossed atop the right. Like herself Cath was now bouncing them furiously as she fought to remain in control of her mammoth bladder that was so bloated it looked impossibly comical, but it seemed her plan of making Cath constantly drink might have been paying off too. Cath’s Hazel eyes scrunched closed so tight the faintest hints of crows feet had formed at the edges. Lilli watched as Cath occasionally winced as something pulsed inside her. Even from the outside she could almost see the pulses going off in her bladder, small ripples in the fabric of her blouse that didn’t seem to be caused by her opponents constant movement, a sure sign of things starting to turn in Lillis favour. From the effort written across Cath's face they could all see that she was surely coming to her final limits, she couldn’t keep that much pee inside her.

From the outside Cath’s quivering bladder seemed to be taking on a life of its own, shaking and pulsing of its own accord it looked primed to pop at any moment. It sheer size threatening to implode rather than allow any more liquid into it, her clothes now failing to even cover the obscene bulge. Her top resting on her bloated abdomen while she had pushed her Leggings down below her navel. The faintest wisps of hair could be seen escaping from the taught waistband struggling to contain Caths bloated form.

Suddenly Cath’s eyes flew open, the frantic nature of her desperation easy to see as they seemed to stare intently at nothing in particular. Her mouth still closed she was now breathing heavily through her nose, the pressure inside her was surely enough to break any bladder. Cath had felt it, a deep tremble inside her as her muscles started to waver in their holding duties. She was filled to the brim with an all encompassing need to pee and despite her best efforts to seem calm her appearance was anything but. Scrunching her eyes closed again she bowed her head as her body was forcefully rocked by her bladder again, baring down she tried to stop the trembling muscles.

“No, no, NN’, no” Cath whimpered as she squirmed violently, feeling a leak enter her underwear. No one else had seen the leak but they could tell something was going wrong inside her. Cath's breathing had become fast and heavy as she fought her body each step of the way.

“I can hold it” she said out loud. Her breathing getting faster and faster as she increased the force in which she crossed one leg over the other, her fist still painfully wedged in between her tensing thighs and bouncing legs.

“No”, she whimpered, another leak escaped her desperate attempts. A clear wet stream making it past her saturated panties and rolling down the inside of her leg. Wetting the area where it crossed the other and leaving a damp trail to her ankle as it rolled off the chair. Cath's breathing was getting more and more erratic then suddenly it stopped all together as her body convulsed, a pulse from her bladder so strong it shook her very being. Pain radiated out from her abdomen constantly, another spasm of her muscles and then another. The cacophony of pulses, spasms and contractions almost constant as sweat dripped from Cath’s brow, she was doing everything to contain her bloated bladder despite the visible leak. For more than two days she had gone without a bathroom break and now she was finally at her wits end.

“I can hold it” she whined again through clenched teeth, her now wide eyes beginning to look bloodshot such was the strain. Breathing again it was still ragged, heavy and uneaven,

"No!" she shouted this time, another leak flowing onto the chair through her leggings.

Finally the others watched as she convulsed again, her breathing finally slowing and then with one final sigh a deluge of liquid spilled out of the desperate woman.

Instead of a single stream the entire front of her leggings darkened all at once, a loud hissing noise filling the room as Cath finally lost the battle with her bladder. Groaning in effort and standing away from the others the fine material of her leggings began soaking up her pee as it raced its way around her legs. In a matter of moments the light grey material was several shades darker as a wave of her pee flowed down them. A separate stream loudly thudding into the carpet beneath Cath as her legs started to shake. Her red face still clenched as if she was still fighting it even now a puddle grew beneath her.

Panting and still groaning as he body still sent signals to empty despite it now peeing freely Cath stood their wetting herself. Pints of pee were finally free from the shaking woman, the carpet soaking up the massive accident. The torrent leaving her tortured body like a tap on full blast, the heavy stream between her legs seemingly unaffected by her sodden underwear of leggings. Looking down at her own legs Cath finally let out a sigh as the pulses from her bladder stopped, her tired muscles finally realising she was infact peeing as she watched the lights in the room glisten off the rivers of pee still flowing down her legs. She had finally run out of strength, she had been beaten.

For three minutes the others watched Cath peeing through her clothes and onto the absolutely drowned carpet, a puddle to large to imagine it was produced by a single person now stretched out around her. Still peeing a small stream she walked over to the desk, all to aware what she looked like but also aware they were surely use to it.

"I think you guys have your winner" She said handing over her pass.

"Please tell me I can pee now, im literally about to do it right here. Actually scratch that dont tell me im just going to pee." Lilli said turning and slowly making her way to the toilets.

Somehow she made it to the ladies room, entering a cubicle she felt another spurt of warm pee escape into her underware.

"Oh who care's" She said into the empty room.

Sitting on the toilet still wearing her pants she peed through them into the toilet.

Her stream only lasted just over a minute, but she had done it. She had won, she had beaten Cath!.

Pulling some toilet paper out of the dispenser she stuffed it in her underwear as the better alternative to going commando,

Walking back to the main room she was greeted by pats on the back from her friends.

Handing over her pass to the man behind the table.

"Congratulations, you and your party are the winners of the Bladder buster. As such the cruise is on us and you also get free access to all our facilities."

Pulling out a new stamp he gathered their 4 passes and pressed it down, a clear "Winner" now overriding the voided stamps.

"Congratulations guys" Cath said, looking a lot more relaxed but still standing in her soaked leggings.

"Yeah, but that was close Cath." Lilli said, herself feeling much better, although she could still feel her muscles aching slightly.

"It sure was, I’ll beat you next time though"

"Next time?" Janet asked, the group gathering together again.

"Yeah, this is our third cruise. The first time we have lost though” Nikki said, a smile visible across her and Cath's face

The end!

###

I hope you guys enjoyed the ending to this story and it did it justice. Buildups can be hard to pull off.

It was a tough fight for Cath, but in the end the sheer volume of drinks took their toll on her.

Thank you all for your support on this story!

*032*2020-06-08 13:37

{{18 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that story it was a very enjoyable read

}}

Thank you for your continued support, glad you enjoyed it.

{{18 hours ago, Dtravis said:

Really great story, thank you! I hope you'll be writing more.

}}

Thank you, Im sure I will be writing more in the future. Its good fun, although it can take a bit of time for my ideas to form into something good enough. But I've been meaning to write a chapter for the DSP interactive story by Railgun sama

, I love the premise of it. Although that will be a much shorter stand alone kind of thing.

{{14 hours ago, NotDusty said:

This was superb all the way through. Straight into the omo hall of fame for me.

}}

Thank you, glad you enjoyed it and that is high praise indeed!

