Omowatch (an overwatch short story collection)

Author: Metal Gear

*000*2016-04-16 23:43

So I've been toying around with the idea of writing a fictional series on this website. With overwatch on it's way out, and all those characters to work with I thought it would be fun to do something with them. Let me know what you think, remember this is my first time really writing anything like this so be fair. If you have any ideas or requests for future characters I might write more short stories in the future. With that out of the way, welcome to the overwatch.

Tracer's Little Time Problems

Diary entry 2008

Hello everyone, Lena here! Today might be one of the most exciting days of my life, after all that training I've been put through they choose me for that flight experiment. As a little girl I always dreamed of becoming a member of overwatch, which in my eyes were like real life super heroes. After all these years of flight school I was offered something I could have never expected. These idols of mine actually want me to join! Wow right, I know! Well I mean to be fair I'm still going to be committing to my air training, apparently the overwatch scientist guys made this new aircraft called "the slipstream". It's gonna be kinda like that movie the fly, oh god hopefully without me turning into some sort of monster creature, haha.

It's supposed to be so fast it's actually going to act as some sort of teleporter. If it works (and it better) we should be able to take that technology and maybe even warp it into something a little closer to the ground. Imagine it though, I'm going to be flying a plane where I could make it from the UK to America faster then you could say "bob's your uncle" haha. My mom's panicking like crazy, but this is overwatch. I trust these guys, I'm sure nothing will happen other then me going faster then lighting. Anyway, on the road. Cya when I break the sound barrier! <3

Diary entry 2008-2012

So I'm not sure what's going on, short version is I'm kinda stuck between realities. Whoops, I guess I am the fly. I'm stuck in this room, seeing time progress faster then I know what's going on, and while I write these few sentences it seems like days, maybe weeks are flashing by in an instant. The room seems nice, plenty of place to run around but I have kind of a problem. See I need to use the bathroom like mad, but because of the way time is moving I always feel like people are watching me. I can't go in this kind of setting, and even though it looks like most of the scientists have left Winston won't leave my side. Which I love him for don't get me wrong.... but it does create this problem. I can't tell what he sees, I don't want him seeing me... use the toilet. I'll update you loves, I'm out!

Diary entry after the incident

Winston is a doll, he found a way to anchor me to reality. He stood there for me, and he brought me back to the world that I have been desperately missing...... speaking of desperately when he brought me back I may have, accidentally, just completely wet myself in front of him. I had tears in my eyes and I couldn't tell if it was because of being happy or out of embarrassment. Thankfully he expected it, they have me a whole new outfit to wear and shower too. This outfit is something else I'll tell you, I love it. They got my old jacket from the air-force days but I look kinda like a colorful iron man with these skin type leggings. And more then that my favorite ape told me that I have the power to warp in and out of time at will. This isn't even a curse anymore, this is a superpower. The lab started calling me tracer, which wow I loved as a name.

Winston did warn me of one little side effect from this whole ordeal, apparently my bladder has shrunk a bit after all the "time do what's it". Oh well no biggie, he says it shouldn't effect me in combat and I doubt it'll change anything. I can't wait to see what the future holds for me!

Diary entry the very next day

I had a dream last night where I was a member of overwatch, fought side by side with some of the greatest heroes the world has ever seen. But my dream became a nightmare, I guess I was thinking so much about the bladder part of the conversation it entered my dreams. I was fighting this guy who overpowered me, he had these like really strong arms and this big belly. Even if my time powers he catches me right, and holds me by the throat. I felt it then, out of fear all the wee I held in unloaded in my leggings. I felt it on my bum as the wee flushed through my clothes. I tried to warp back in time only to get caught again and wet myself all over again. I couldn't hold it and the man who was threatening me started to laugh at me. The rest of overwatch stopped fighting as the longest 20 seconds of my life occurred. I felt my hot pee go down through my legs and out the bottom but strangely my bum was wet too. The man attacked me and I woke up in a sweat, or at least what I hoped was sweat.

In the real world I watched the cameras, I was still at the lab and there was footage of last night. I was in my pink pajama bottoms and one of my teeshirts that makes me feel so cute. In my sleep I had ripped my blanket off of the bed, into a ball that was held in my arms. It happened at 2 30 last night, starting crying. "No, please don't, no" I kept repeating, talking in my sleep. Then to my horror there it was, I started weeing in my pajamas. I kept crying, and turning in my sleep as i let myself go. You could see the dark stain from the liquid grow larger into it completely covered the underpart of my pajamas. The stain on the bed kept growing larger, as I kept crying in my sleep.

"Oh god, no please no. Stop laughing, stop please". I'm usually alot stronger, hell in life I'm one of the strongest people you'll know. But that night I cried and peed like a small child. Not only that but I clearly time wrapped in my sleep, I wet the bed twice in a row. I talked to Winston, said it might be a short term side effect of the time warping, brain is going back to how I was when I was younger. Still for the next week or so.... I'd been advised to wear diapers....

