I need to pee (macgyver)

Author: macgyversgirl

*000*2019-08-07 15:23

This is my first pee fanfiction on here and still trying to work out how to make them better and i love macgyver so thought of doing some pee stoiers on him as thier like isent any out thier

Mac was sitting in a meeting listening to Matty going on about their next mission. it was an extremely hot day in Los Angeles so he had been drinking plenty, but it wasn't till he sat down in the chair in the opps room that he realised he needed the bathroom and how much he actually had to go. He worked out in his head he hadn't been to the bathroom since he had woken up that morning and that was 5hrs ago.

Normally when Max got in to situations and had to pee but counted he was very capable of holding it as his mind was normally on getting him and his friends out of a dangerous situation. Plus he would never have drank as much as he had today out in the filed.

He tried to take in what Matty was saying. He new Jack was probably understanding more then he was right now, and Jack was not that cleaver even on his best days.

Mac grabed a few paper clips out of the bowl on the table and started to make things out of them. One to try and get his mind in to focsuing on what Matty was saying as making things out of paper clips helped him to relax, and two, to keep his mind of his bladder. He was trying to not work out in his mind how much he had drank and what rate is bladder was filling at.

Every so often Mac had to move around a bit in his seat. He tried to do it suterly so no one could tell as things like this he felt embrassed about.

"Mac did you here me?" Matty asked

Mac quickly looked up

"Yes"

"So your quiet happy to go deep sea diving" said Matty

Mac looked at her in surpise

"errr"

Jack brust in to laughter

"What?" said Mac

"You really aren't paying attention, were going under cover" said Jack

"Sorry" said Mac

"Now pay attion" said Matty. She found it odd that Mac was not paying attion. She decied to keep a closer watch on him.

After a while she noticed his stuttled shifting and then every once in a while crossing and recrossing his legs at the ankle.

Mac just wished the metting would be over his abdomen was starting to hurt with holding it and it felt like the meeting was going on for ever even thought it had only been 30 mins so far. He knew they only had 30 mins left, he'd be fine, he was not about to get up and have Jack tease him for not been able to wait and Matty mad at him for holding up a meeting just to go pee.

Another 5 minutes had passed, and Mac was unable to sit still. He kept tapping his fingers then he felt like he was about to leak and quikly grabed himself forgetting for a moment that he was in a room with other people.

By now everyone in the room had worked out what was up with Mac and why he wasn't paying attion.

"Mac just go toilet" said Matty

"I'm fine" Mac said. He hated attention being on him.

"You don't look fine bud, you look like a two year old about to piss his pants" said Jack in his jokey way

Mac blushed bright red

"Right 5 min break Mac, you go toilet" said Matty

Mac didn't need to be told twice. As he stood up he felt his bladder come full force as gravity hit him. He literally leged it out the door to find the nearst toilet

"Let us know if you need me to bring you new pants" Jack yelled after him

Bozer brust out laughing, and even Riley couldn't help but smile.

Soon Mac was back and sat back down. He was glad he had made it but he couldn't look the others in the eye. He decided to just continue fiddling with paper clips.

Once the metting was over and they leave to go pack for their under cover mission Jack comes up to Mac.

"So should I start secluding in toilet breaks for you or wait till we get there?"

Mac just gives one of his glares at Jack. He hopes he never has to take Jack up on that offer ever.

*001*2019-08-20 22:43

{{17 minutes ago, KarenGranger said:

I like this story and the plot is good. Being honest the one thing that would need fixed is first grammar and spelling mistakes and second... well I don't think there is a second. Great work and just fix that and it'll be even better!

}}

Glad you like it unfornally due to be dyslix i dont notich my spelling and gramma mistakes and spell checkers dont get on with it but glad you like the story

*002*2019-08-20 22:47

{{1 minute ago, KarenGranger said:

Gotcha, well... your writing is still great!

}}

Thank you that means alot

