A requested story: All day Candy

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-07-02 12:45

Had a message requesting a story about a female holding all day by choice only to wet herself washing dishes. So here it is:

All day Candy

Candy set herself a target: all day without a pee. She had far too much to do and going to the bathroom consumed way too much time and would stop her concentrating enough. Her first day back in her cosmetics shop after a long few months closed due the pandemic would be manic anyway. So much cleaning, organising and stock taking. She’d kept her assistant on government aid another week until things settled down more.

She woke, showered, and peed at 7:30 and vowed she wouldn’t go again until bedtime. She had a mug of tea with breakfast and headed to work. By 9am the shop was open and a steady trickle of customers came by. Mid morning a short break in customers allowed Candy to make herself a quick coffee. Thankfully she got to drink it all warm as customers came slowly but steadily.

In between there was so much cleaning, so much organising, fresh seasonal stock to order, and a huge pile of mail to work through. Working alone there was absolutely no time to use the bathroom at the back anyway. Too much potential for theft if nothing else.

For lunch she had brought in some sandwiches and water and in between work she somehow managed to consume both too.

It wasn’t until around mid afternoon that her bladder even signalled it might want emptied soon. Candy laughter at its indignation and carried on working, loving the distraction and the feeling of a filling bladder. Unconsciously her legs moved more, her thighs squirmed and her urethra thumped between her legs, her need increasing fast as the tea, coffee and water worked through her body.

By 4:30 she was very aware of her need and conscious to avoid customers seeing her unprofessional. Her tights and high heeled black strappy shoes, her short skirt and revealing top over her large breasts making holding between her legs impossible to do unnoticed. Candy sufficed by clenching tightly, pulling a leg up behind her at times, moving lightly from foot to foot and pressing her thighs together, sweating more with the effort.

Finally she was able to shut up shop and drive home, though the rush hour traffic had her bouncing in her seat and pressing hand against the seat. She just had to cook, clean up and get through the evening and then she could go. Oh how she longed to be able to go so badly!

Finally in her house she pee danced as she opened the fridge to find food. Lightly frying some fish she couldn’t stand still as she grabbed between her legs with one hand turning the fish with the other, moaning how bursting she was to go. She poured a glass of water as she sweated so much. For speed she microwaved some rice and sat at her breakfast bar tightly crossed legged and squirming as she ate her dinner and drank her water. Still determined to wait until bedtime she rocked on the chair and bounced with urgent need for release.

Her bloated bladder made her skirt elastic tight and her top was damp with sweat but still Candy was determined. She laughed as she felt her hard bladder but then had to courtesy and grab herself as laughing made her dribble a bit. She didn’t care what she looked like she was just loving the feeling of pressure, the constant tingling and the relentless thundering of her urethra against the damp crotch of her knickers. She felt sexy, naughty and hugely aroused! But God she was frantic to pee now!

Finally finished her meal she scraped the left overs into her food bin and collected the dishes into the sink. Absolutely determined to wash up before she used the bathroom she leaned on the counter and tensed every muscle in her body as she ran the hot water until it ran hot enough. She squeezed out some washing up liquid and picked up her sponge as another strong urge caused her to bend forwards and wedge a hand to her crotch.

‘Gotta pee. Gotta pee. Gonna hold. Gonna wait.’ She muttered over and over.

With her high heeled shoes tapping on the tiled floor and her thighs circling and pressing against the counter in urgent need, Candy tried to carry on washing up, her body convulsing in desperation.

She washed the cutlery and her breakfast plates and put them on the rack, tears forming in her eyes with the intensity of holding. Her hair was wet with sweat, her legs frantically marching, her thighs rubbing, her urethra barely holding the huge amount inside her bladder now. She brushed the inside of her glass to clean it in the sink of warm water which tortured her more. Then she turned the tap on to rinse it out...but as water poured from the tap Candy felt her urethra give way between her legs and with an almighty huge gush...a full days worth of urine poured loudly and fiercely out through her pink spotty knickers making the crotch drenched and turning the single stream flow into a multi stream outpouring forming a huge puddle between her shoes.

Candy laughed at the thrilling feeling, loving touching and exploring her soaked knickers gusset and wet tights.

‘Oh well. Tomorrow we try again!’

She didn’t feel like taking her clothes off right away so finished everything that needed done before bed in her soaked outfit before showering and putting a strapless nighty on for bed, not even bathing to pee again before she fell asleep.

Using the bathroom was just such an inconvenience. She just needed to master holding longer.

*005*2020-07-02 21:40

{{7 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Candy is my dream come true! Every box of my fetishes ticked in this story. Be it her determination to hold all day, tight clothes, the bladder twinges that she enjoyed so much and fighting it till the last possible moment.. Ooo soo hottt!

}}

So glad you enjoyed

{{6 hours ago, wannawatch said:

An incredibly arousing story.. Really loved this.. what a dream of a woman, indeed!

}}

Maybe we need to hear more about Candy again?

{{4 hours ago, derektor_2000 said:

Something for everyone in this one!!!

Thank you for your assortment of tales

}}

You are very welcome

