When You've Gotta Go...

Author: Morgan91

*000*2017-10-24 01:19

When You've Got To Go...

Anders sat at the breakfast table next to his sister, Emma, and brother, Casey. He was wearing his new electric blue snowsuit and was anxious to use it. "Casey, will you go outside with Anders while Emma and I get ready?" Mom asked, "I'm dropping her off at a friend's and then I'm going to work, so you need to be here with your brother the whole day." Casey rolled his eyes; he was ten years older than Anders, and at fifteen he had better things to do than babysit. He stared at his younger brother in resent. "Come on, let's go outside."

Anders grabbed his matching electric blue jacket from the rack and headed out the door. Casey sat on the front step and sighed, his breath hanging in the air like fresh smoke. "Come on, Casey! Help me build a snow man!" Anders called.

"Build it yourself, retard!" Casey grunted.

"Come on! I need help!"

"Build it yourself!"

"COME ON, CASEY!" Anders whined, stomping his electric blue boots into the new snow.

"Fine," Casey muttered.

Out the door came Mom and Emma. "I'm locking the door, Casey," Mom called, "Have fun boys!" And to Anders she whispered, "Be a good boy," and kissed his forehead.

Just as soon as the car had left the driveway, Anders said with a desperate look on his face, "I have to go pee-pee."

Casey rolled his eyes and went for the door.

"Mommy locked it, 'member?" Anders said.

Casey whispered a swear and searched his jacket pockets. Then he swore again.

"Hurry up, Casey! I have to go pee-pee!" Anders demanded. He was dancing about, trying to hang on inside the padded blue snowsuit.

"Just hold on, okay?" Casey instructed as he searched for an open window.

"Hurry!" Anders squealed.

Casey pulled himself up the old oak tree and into his bedroom. He ran down to the front door and opened it frantically. Anders stood there at the stoop, hands between his legs. "I have to go really, really bad!" Tears were dribbling down his face.

"Come on, run!" Casey instructed.

"I can't! I have to go too badly!" Anders whined. Casey grabbed his brother's arm and rushed him to the toilet. He yanked off the blue snowsuit and tried to pull down his brother's jeans. "I can't get my pants down!" Anders cried.

"Loosen yourself then," Casey told him.

"I can't! I'm gonna pee all over!"

Casey yanked his brother's pants down just in the nick of time.

"Casey! My undies! I peed in my undies!" Anders whimpered. And sure enough, his white truck underwear were wet and stained.

Casey sighed. "It's not your fault, it was an accident. Now go change and I'll make you some hot chocolate."

When Anders came back down he was wearing his overalls and dragging his snowsuit. "These ones are my favourite," he said.

Casey shrugged and poured his brother some hot chocolate. Anders finished it in three gulps. "More," he demanded. Casey poured another and Anders finished his second cup just as fast. "Now let's go sledding at the park!"

"Fine," Casey replied, grabbing his wallet, smokes, and the key. "Do you have to pee?"

"No, I just went!" Anders protested.

"Okay then," Casey said and helped his brother back into the electric blue snowsuit. Then they went to the garage to get the sled. It was a one person sled made of a red plastic sheet. It had been Casey's until he outgrew it. "Are you ready?"

Anders shook his head, blushing, "I have to go pee-pee again!"

Casey grunted and opened the door. "Make it quick!"

Anders ran down the hall to the bathroom, and then he frantically shouted, "Casey!"

The older brother ran down to the bathroom where Anders was standing in front of the toilet, doing the pee-pee dance and trying to undo his overalls. "Can you help me?!"

Casey sighed and undid his brother's overalls just in time. Casey thanked God it hadn't happened at the park.

When Anders was ready, they left for the park. About half way there, Anders started walking funny. "Do you have to go pee?" asked Casey. Anders shook his head and kept walking. Every once in a while he would stop and pull on his crotch and turn around. Casey just rolled his eyes. He took out a smoke and lit up. "If you tell Mom or Dad about this, I'll tell them you peed your pants again." Anders nodded and squeezed his crotch again. Then they were at the park. "Go play over there on the hill. I'll wait here."

Anders shuffled over to the hill where he set up his sled next to a little blonde girl on a pink plastic sled. "I'm Lauren, what's your name?" she asked.

Anders wiggled and said, "I'm not telling!"

"Why are you sitting like that, Inotelin?" Lauren asked, cocking her head to the side.

"Cause..." Anders murmured, blushing.

"You look like you're gonna pee your pants when you sit like that," Lauren informed him.

Anders wiggled again, tugging harder at his crotch.

"You're weird," Lauren said.

"No I'm not! You're weird! You're weird and a stupid ugly-head!" Anders shouted in defense.

Lauren stood up from her sled, letting it slide down the hill. She stomped her pink boots into the ground and shouted, "You're a meanie-butt!" pushing the unsuspecting Anders down the hill. He screamed and fell over, realizing he'd let loose. Anders started to cry. He threw down his sled and looked down at his blue suit, now stained with wet. It had leaked out and as he cried, more pee came, making a puddle on the ground underneath him. "Casey!" he screamed, "Casey I peed!"

