More uncomfortable decisions

Author: Mickey

*000*2018-09-23 15:24

About this - This story is a sequel to Uncomfortable Decisions

. Give that a read if you haven't already! If you're short on time though, this story should make sense as a standalone. Even though it continues exactly where the previous one ended, I have kept the references to a minimum

###

While Mary was contemplating the pleasures of a long denied wee, her smart watch beeped to let her know Josh would be there to pick her up in 15minutes.

Well, she certainly didn't want her boyfriend to enter that labyrinth of a parking lot. It would take them forever to get in and out in this Friday evening crowd. She had told him she'll meet him outside if she could. Dammit. She still had to get rid of her "coffee". She was cutting this close.

Cursing silently she willed her flow to stop. She felt empty, but pee was still trickling out of her poor over tired bladder. After another 30s or so, she just cut it off and started wiping. As much as she wanted to finish this properly, she wanted to meet her boyfriend before he entered that lot and they were stuck forever.

And, if she was honest, the thought of keeping a full bladder under control, again, was not unexciting.

They were planning to stop for food soon anyway, she could finish up there. Or not. "We'll see how it goes", she murmured to herself while buttoning her jeans back, without any trouble this time. She hurriedly washed her hands and left to dispose her trash.

.....

Josh was hoping Mary wouldn't be waiting for him on the road. See, the thing is, when he was leaving office, the gents was closed for cleaning. He didn't really need to pee, not too bad anyway, so he left without bothering to wait. (I mean, since when do grown men queue outside toilets?)

But now that he thought back to it, he hadn't peed since his lunch break. Which was at 1. And it was nearly 5 now; between his regular diet sodas, coffee and waters, he probably had about a litre and half of liquids sloshing inside him. He still wasn't desperate or anything, he could control his needs as long as he needed to, thank you very much. But a pee would have been damn nice. Like stretching to your full height after being cramped in an economy class flight seat for hours.

He was hoping he could use the toilets in Mary's office or reception. In fact, he was positively looking forward to it. No, he didn't need to pee per se, he could wait until convenient, he was an adult with a large bladder capacity. But he really really would have liked to.

Which is why he had to stifle a groan when he saw Mary standing beside the road, ready to go. He pressed his thighs together as he lent over to open the passenger door. Oh well, they would stop for food soon - that'll have to do. He wished he wasn't driving - keeping his thighs together and crossing his ankles felt nice.

But he was a full grown adult - he wasn't a slave to his bladder. The situation was under control; they'll be in the cafe in no time at all. He'll be just fine.

He kissed Mary hello and started driving while keeping his thighs as close together as possible. His bladder protested the further wait by pounding within his abdomen, but he refused to give in and ask Mary to drive. He was in control, not his bladder. As they fell in to an easy conversation, he managed to almost forget the building pressure against his pee-hole.

###

Author's Note - I know this chapter is short, and contains no desperation. It'll get better, I promise But I wanted to put something out there - it is too easy to procrastinate with writing unless I have something out here, and getting feedback ...

*005*2018-09-30 19:32

{{On 9/23/2018 at 8:54 PM, Mickey said:

As they fell in to an easy conversation, he managed to almost forget the building pressure against his pee-hole

}}

Mary looked at the 29-year old blonde sitting opposite her in their favorite cafe. Dressed in black jeans and a well fitting tee, he looked positively delicious! With his lean runner's body, and natural athlete's confidence, Josh was a really handsome guy. He looked slightly stressed though. Probably office stuff, Mary mentally shrugged. It usually took Josh a few hours before he could shake off his work-thoughts - Mary on the other hand, was an out of mind out of sight kinda gal. She worked really hard, but she enjoyed life too much to worry about work!

She gently nudged Josh and brought him out of his reverie.

"Shall we order?"

"Yeah! Our usual?"

"Large chocolate milkshake for me, Large cold coffee for you, and a pepperoni pizza to share? Sounds like heaven"

"Do you want to get another pizza packed up for dinner? I have some wine in the car"

"Let's get something else! How 'bout the takeaway kebab place down the street?"

"Thy wish is my command, my beautiful lady!" Josh responded playfully.

His face broke in to a smile as he called over the waitress and placed their order. Mary loved the smile, but was a little concerned to see the stressed look returning once the ordering was over and their server poured them both tall glasses of water.

###

Josh was calculating how soon he could leave the table to take leak, without seeming desperate. In the 45mins it had taken to reach this place, his need to pee had grown to slightly concerning levels. He rarely actually needed to pee, even during long drinking session. It was always more of a convenience - unlike now. The throbbing organ reminded him forcefully that emptying it was a need that couldn't be postponed much longer.

He had always been proud of his bladder capacity, and made fun of folks who were always taking bathroom breaks. He would hate Mary to think he was bursting for a wee and had to run off as soon as they sat off (and nope, adults don't "burst for a wee". They remain calmly in control. Even if their bladder is throbbing alarmingly often and they've been tempted to squeeze their junk like a little boy. They wait. Until convenient).

He also wanted to strategize his break. They had reached the cafe around 5:30. They would probably while away an hour in this laid-back atmosphere, then get the takeaway and leave for the beach, which was just half an hour away. It was really just a strip of sand - the rocky seabed no good for bathing. But the sunset is beautiful, and they could have a romantic dinner without disturbance from the gawking tourists. They would probably stay there till 9/9:30, and then leave for his childhood home, in a small town about 2 hours drive from there. There were no public amenities on the beach, and gas stations were few and far between (and he hated stopping to pee - though all these thoughts of pee was making his pee-hole burn from the pressure steadily building in his stomach).

But that schedule meant he can't reasonably expect to relieve himself again before midnight. So ideally he would pee just before leaving - and arrive home without an unduly stretched bladder. But the pressure in his bladder told him that wouldn't work this time. He could almost feel drops leaking in to his urethra and slowly coming to the head. He knew it was all in his mind, but it was getting increasingly difficult to ignore. He was forced to jiggle his legs, and Mary had already asked if everything was okay. She probably assumed it was his office, but if he started squirming around the game would be up soon.

Just as the waitress approached their table with their drinks, Josh's bladder gave a particularly insistent spasm. It has been nearly 5hours since it had been relieved, and it demanded attention. Right frigging now. Time to stop overthinking about using the fucking toilet and just do it! (Man, his parents with their insistence on "polite behavior" had really done a number on him)

He smiled at Mary and said he would be right back. He knew the toilets were around back, and started walking towards that.

###

As Mary watched Josh go, she felt a twinge from her bladder, reminding her of unfinished business. It wasn't uncomfortable though. She decided to wait till they finished ... Josh usually got annoyed if she asked him to stop at gas stations, so she wanted to delay her pee as long as possible and avoid having to ask for another rest stop later in the evening. After the close encounter at the office she didn't want to stress her bladder too much. Also, to be fair to Josh, there was hardly any good rest stops till halfway to his home. There was one tiny place just before the beach, which charged you outrageous amounts to use their dirty little loo. She would much rather wait.

She started sipping her drink as she waited for Josh to come back.

###

As soon as Josh rounded the cafe wall, to go towards the toilets, he was stopped by a waitress.

"Excuse me sir? Are you looking for the rest room?"

He just looked at her - he really didn't want an interruption at this point. He was really looking forward to finally emptying his bladder. He really should have waited in the office. He unconsciously crossed his legs and bent slightly forward. By now his bladder had already started to relax in anticipation, and he had to really concentrate to keep back the flood.

The waitress continued "I am afraid they're out of order. The plumbing is really old, we're getting it all replaced. They had promised to have it all ready by today, but you know how things go ..."

Josh could barely listen to this polite patter. The realization that he can't pee right now made his bladder spasm again. He crossed his legs a little tighter. He could just say "Oh, ok", and bend forwards a little more - trying to keep his bladder in check without resorting to holding himself.

"If you really need to use a restroom though, I can get someone to accompany you to the house across the street. We knew this situation might become problematic, especially with all the kids we get here. So the house owners very kindly agreed to let any customer who's desperate use their bathroom"

Josh could barely keep from blushing. Did he really look that desperate? To go beg someone to use their restroom, to be compared to children without bladder control?

"No I'm fine ma'am, thank you" he said rather brusquely.

"Ok then! Just give us a holler if you need us" she said as she turned back to go in to the kitchen, giving the man with the pretzel legs a slightly skeptical look.

It seemed clear to her that if there was such a thing as an urinary emergency, then this was it. She could see his hands snaking towards his crotch, as if he needed to squeeze his dick shut. Oh well, she wasn't about to tell a grown man what to do with his bladder - it is his business, as long as he didn't wet their chairs.

She shrugged and went on with her work - their chairs were plastic anyway. Clean easy.

###

Author's Note - Apologies for the long delay in posting. Real life tends to get in the way sometimes. I hope you all enjoy this chapter. For the folks who don't really like male desperation - the next chapter will have more Mary in it, I promise :) But Josh will probably be the main focus (given the timeline I have created here)

*006*2018-09-30 19:39

{{On 9/23/2018 at 9:21 PM, Melificentfan said:

Short chapter but it's still good

}}

Thank you for your support! I hope you like this chapter - it is much longer :) I like prolonged desperation, so chapters will probably keep getting longer.

{{On 9/24/2018 at 1:13 AM, luckymon2 said:

Love the concept of him also getting desperate to pee in this one, can't wait for the rest

}}

Thank you for letting me know you like the concept - that makes me really happy! I hope you like today's installment - it is heavy on the boyfriend's desperation.

{{On 9/25/2018 at 12:59 AM, Bf1fan said:

Female-Male stories are woefully slim on this forum, glad to see this.

}}

Happy to make you happy ;) I am trying to balance the female-male perspectives and provide something for both. I hope you enjoy this part, though it is Josh heavy (thanks to the timeline I have written myself into *rolls eyes at self*) - I'll try and focus more on Mary in the next chapters.

{{On 9/26/2018 at 2:20 AM, Weasel said:

This is promising, keep it up. I'm not a huge male desp. fan but I can appreciate it in situations like this.

}}

Thank you for the encouragement! That really helps. Also glad to know you're giving this a chance even though male desp. isn't your usual thing.

*010*2018-10-05 11:54

{{On 10/1/2018 at 2:58 AM, Melificentfan said:

This is great ^^

}}

Thank you for your continuous encouragement! Glad to know you're enjoying this series.

{{On 10/1/2018 at 4:18 AM, Bangarang said:

Excellent so far!

}}

Thank you for letting me know you are enjoying this.

{{On 10/1/2018 at 10:33 AM, luckymon2 said:

Amazing chapter

}}

Thank you! I hope you like the next one too :)

*011*2018-10-05 12:10

{{On 10/1/2018 at 1:02 AM, Mickey said:

It seemed clear to her that if there was such a thing as an urinary emergency, then this was it. She could see his hands snaking towards his crotch, as if he needed to squeeze his dick shut. Oh well, she wasn't about to tell a grown man what to do with his bladder - it is his business, as long as he didn't wet their chairs.

She shrugged and went on with her work - their chairs were plastic anyway. Clean easy.

}}

A small groan escaped his mouth as he realized just how desperate he was. Taking advantage of his temporary solitude he gave his dick a good strong squeeze. Ah that felt good! He brushed against the head through the jeans, rubbing a finger against his pee-hole. He had to admit, at least to himself, he was in trouble. But there was nothing he could do other than go back and finish his drink.

Oh Lord, the drink! Even the thought of that large coffee entering his bladder made his bladder send out another spasm. This time he bent in double involuntarily as his fingers continued massaging his dick - trying to calm his bladder in to some semblance of control.

He had been desperate before - during long drinking sessions with his mates, in crappy houses with single bathrooms. On long road trips, where he didn't want to waste time with breaks. Even marathon meetings at work. And he had made it every damn time. He will make it this time too. In fact, what was the choice?

He straightened up as the throbbing in his bladder reduced to a dull ache, temporarily lulled by the massages. Given Mary couldn't pee here either, she will definitely ask to stop at that crappy cafe, to relieve herself before they hit the beach. He would be there in an hour, 90min tops. He gently touched his abdomen - his bladder felt hard, but for now the pain was under control.

"Wanna take up that offer to cross the street"? That waitress who had spoken to him earlier broke him out of his reverie. Sh*t, how long has he been there?

"No, no, umm, I wanted to order. A drink" he stammered out, blushing

"Sure! Which drink did you want?" she asked cheerfully, as the man unconsciously crossed his legs again. She idly wondered if he liked being desperate? Who knew what went on in the minds of men!

"A sparkling water please"

"Coming right up!"

###

Mary saw Josh walking back towards their table. About time! How long could a man pee? She guessed he must have needed to pee pretty badly - he had this weird competitive streak; he was never the first to leave the table to pee ... If he did that, he was probably in a bad shape.

The thought made Mary irrationally excited. Josh holding enough pee to justify the extra long bathroom break. Suffering silently through the ride to the cafe, and their ordering - to save his pride!? It was sexy! She couldn't believe peeing could be sexy? But after her experience earlier today, she wasn't so sure.

He was walking a little stiffly. She wondered if he had pulled a muscle or something - he played too hard most times. But she shrugged out of her thoughts as Josh sat down again.

"There you are! Took you long enough ... Must have peed a gallon" she joked lightly.

Josh blushed and said nothing, taking a swig of his drink instead.

Mary followed suit and they fell in to comfortable conversation again, as only those who have been together, and secure, for an incredibly long time can.

By the end of the meal, Mary's bladder had started sending distress signals. It was nothing compared to what she had suffered through earlier - but she decided to visit the restroom before leaving anyway. She would postpone her experiments for another day. Josh was being awfully quiet anyway - not the day for experimentation.

###

As Mary excused herself from the table, Josh closed his eyes and rested his forehead on the table. Below the table he was squeezing his dick for dear life. The pressure from his bladder was so bad! Even adults had their limits it would seem. But there was no way he was going to be escorted to a stranger's bathroom, like a little kid who couldn't stay in control.

The sparkling water hadn't helped. In his confusion at being caught staring longingly at the bathroom, he had forgotten that Mary hated sparkling water (apparently"fizz" had no business anywhere outside a Coke). So he had had to drink the whole bottle alone, putting more stress on his already full bladder.

He gently massaged his stomach, as he rocked back and forth, trying to coax his bladder in to submission for another half hour. At least. An involuntary groan escaped his lips. He'll have to make a pitstop at that crummy End of The Line cafe, pay their stupid bathroom-charge and use that dirty bathroom. He hated stopping there, but right now the thought of finally releasing the pent up pee was heavenly.

###

As Mary rounded the corner, she saw a man emerge from the toilet with a bunch of tools. As she came nearer, he spoke up "Sorry miss, I am afraid this will take a while to sort out. The manager is furious I didn't finish before the weekend rush, but you know how things go ..."

She quickly took stock of her situation as the plumber rattled on. Her bladder felt heavy, and a bit uncomfortable, but it wasn't aching or throbbing yet. She had had to change positions a few times through the dinner to fight off the twinges from her bladder though. She hadn't really drank a lot, but the not-nearly-finished status of her last pee and the exhaustion of her spinchter muscles from the mammoth hold earlier meant she felt fuller than normal.

Though she wasn't desperate (yet), she would probably be soon. She had already unconsciously pressed her thighs close together - all the thoughts of pee making her bladder that bit more eager to rid itself of the golden contents. The thought of being desperate again made her irrationally excited though.

"If you wish one of the staff can escort you to the house opposite. They agreed to serve as emergency backup, if ye know what I mean" the plumber concluded.

"Oh thanks for the offer! That won't be necessary" replied Mary.

As she walked back to the table her bladder sent a powerful contraction, as if to underline its displeasure. Well she would have to make a pit stop before the beach, that much was for sure. But she will enjoy the next hour!

She clenched her spinchter shut as she rounded the corner again. Now that she knew she would have no relief for at least an hour, her need to pee seemed to be growing every minute. She pressed her thighs together one last time, before noticing Josh slumped on their table. He must be really tired!

###

Josh was jolted awake from his reverie as Mary asked him if everything was all right. Giving his dick one last squeeze, he willed himself to hold back the flood, and stood up.

He immediately had to cross his legs and bend forward over the table. He could feel the urine sloshing around, pushing towards his dick. It took all his will power not to grab his crotch openly.

His poor bladder throbbed in pain. 6 hours. About 3 litres of liquids, much of it caffeneited. Even his huge bladder was stretched to the limit. He needed to find a toilet, right now. But there was no way he would suffer being escorted to some stranger's toilet.

###

Mary held Josh's hand lightly as they walked to the kebab takeout place. It was barely a 5min walk, so Mary suggested they leave the car parked at the cafe. The kebab "place" was basically an ancient food truck parked at a busy intersection - no parking, no seating, and definitely no toilets. But it had wonderful kebabs!

The walk helped settle Mary's bladder a bit and she could concentrate on the evening's beauty. But as they waited at the kebab takeout place, she officially became desperate. Standing still seemed torture. As if gravity was pulling at the liquid inside her, enticing it to drip through.

She crossed her legs to regain some control. She had to keep shifting her weight from foot to foot. Her bladder was throbbing again. She wasn't in pain yet, but knew it would come soon now. She really looked forward to sitting back down in their car, relieving some of the pressure from her bladder, and may be sliding a finger in there ...

###

The walk had been torture. But standing still was worse. Josh couldn't believe how badly he needed to pee right now. Not even after that meeting filled day, when he didn't get a chance to pee for over 12 hours, had he been this desperate.

His bladder was straining against his jeans - a small bulge visible. He wondered where the kebab man peed. Probably in a bottle. Oh gosh, a bottle sounded inviting!

Then he noticed Mary fidgeting, as she had been for the whole time they were waiting. As they waddled back to their car, him keeping his thighs pressed together, her occasionally crossing her legs, he had an idea. He would offer to find Mary a toilet - there was that MacD not 10mins away, albeit slightly out of their way. Oh that would be so much better than waiting another 30mins or (very likely) more to reach the End of Line cafe!

###

"You okay?", it was Josh's turn to ask as they started walking back. So he had finally noticed the fidgeting it would seem.

"Yeah. Just need to pee like a racehorse"

Josh raised an eyebrow at that.

"Well, by the time I got to it, the bathroom was out of order at the cafe. So I'm kinda bursting here"

Just the talk of peeing keyed her desperation up a notch. The incomplete relief from earlier not helping her case at all. She crossed her legs openly and prayed she would be able to wait till they reached that cafe.

"Sorry Josh, but you'll have to stop at that cafe for me to relieve myself"

"Do you want to go to the MacD back down the road? That's a lot nearer than the cafe?"

Wonder of wonders, was he suggesting going out of his way for a pee break? He hated that!

Then she noticed Josh's voice sounded really strained, and he was walking with his thighs pressed as close together as possible. And for the first time, Mary put together the strained walk back from the cafe bathroom, the silences, the weird walking posture he had even now. Josh must have found the cafe bathroom out of order too!

Now that she looked, she could actually see a bladder bulge, straining against his jeans! It looked bigger than hers from the afternoon. He must be absolutely frantic to suggest going out of the way to pee.

All this talk of finding a toilet wasn't reducing the pressure on her pee-hole though. Her bladder pulsed and her pee-hole burnt at the thought of relief so nearby. That MacD was barely 5mins away!

As a strong urge swept through her, she was tempted to grab her crotch and massage herself, but she resisted the urge.

However, she was enjoying this way too much to go to the MacD and ruin her fun. No thank you. The delicious pressure was building up, and her pussy was becoming wet from the anticipation!

And she wanted to see how far Josh would go to keep up the pretense that he wasn't the one bursting at the seams.

"Oh I'm fine Josh, don't worry about it. I can hold till the cafe, you don't have to go out of your way. I know how much you hate that"

Then seeing the anguish on his face, and after a particularly bad wave in her bladder, she added "unless you need to pee badly as well? Was the cafe bathroom open when you went?"

###

Author's Note - The name of the cafe is a tribute to one of my favorite stories on this site

(I will use nothing but the name, of course. Go give it a read if you haven't already though, it is amazing).

I hope I did a better job balancing their viewpoints in this installment. Feedback welcome as always.

I haven't started the next part yet (though I do have a reasonably detailed outline), so if you have any ideas/requests about how this should go, feel free to leave a comment and I'll see if I can fit it in.

(There will be at most 2 more installments, but probably the next installment will end the series)

*014*2018-10-06 07:49

{{15 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I loved that man this is getting so good

}}

Thank you! It's a pleasure to know you're enjoying this

{{9 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

Another great chapter. You're a great writer and you write about desperation just the way I like it. Can't wait for the rest :)

}}

* Blush Blush *

Thanks for saying so! :) The next chapter might take a while to come up though, sorry for making you wait. Hopefully it'll be ready by next weekend ...

*017*2018-10-07 20:06

{{On 10/7/2018 at 12:26 AM, Bf1fan said:

Hey that’s messed up Mary purposely said no to the Mickey Ds so Josh had to hold I hope he makes it and she doesn’t.

}}

Woah, that's a harsh interpretation She said no on her own account - she wants to enjoy a hold. Josh being desperate is just a bonus And she has given Josh an opening to still choose to drive there - he just has to admit he needs to pee too. Will he swallow his pride and do it is the question

{{1 hour ago, wedgeantilles said:

Another great story. I enjoyed the other one a lot and I am not disappointed with this one!

}}

Thank you for letting me know you enjoyed both!

*019*2018-10-31 16:54

{{On 10/21/2018 at 2:51 PM, Rexone_312 said:

Dang! That's a hot one... It would be quite interesting to see an untold holding competition. . .

}}

Gee, thanks! Not sure we'll have a cold-war-ish holding competition, but I'll see what I can do

{{On 10/5/2018 at 5:40 PM, Mickey said:

Then seeing the anguish on his face, and after a particularly bad wave in her bladder, she added "unless you need to pee badly as well? Was the cafe bathroom open when you went?"

}}

And there, she had asked point blank. He wondered if he should lie, but he knew there was no way he could drive or hide his desperation much longer, so he 'fessed up.

"No, it was out of commission."

"Oh, too bad! Can you hold on for an hour? How bad is it?", there was concern in her voice. And may be a trace of a challenge.

"I am fine" he replied with more churlishness than the question demanded.

###

She would have laughed at Josh's competitiveness if she hadn't noticed the flicker of pain in his eyes.

She gave him a quick hug as they reached the car. His rock hard bladder dug in to her abdomen. All her senses tingled at the thought of the stress on his bladder. An involuntary groan escaped his lips (or was it hers) as he crossed his legs. Apparently even a hug was too much pressure on his bladder.

Well, on his head it was. And for all she knew, he enjoyed holding his pee. She focused on her own need, and decided she would rather concentrate on holding than driving.

"If you're not bursting, can you drive? I want to keep my legs crossed as much as possible" she said out loud with a mischievous grin.

Sure enough her idiot of a boyfriend agreed to drive. Even though clearly he needed to cross his legs more than she did.

They got in the car, and Mary immediately grabbed her crotch. She wasn't utterly desperate yet, but the feel of her fingers against her pulsing pee-hole was heavenly! She uttered a sigh of relief as they pulled on to the highway.

###

Josh could cry from the pain in his bladder. He saw Mary shamelessly fingering herself, again, and gave in to his need. He grabbed his crotch and held it tightly. It was like trying to pinch a pipe shut, after the dam had already burst.

He rubbed his fingers against the head, the friction giving him some relief. It was nowhere near enough. Oh what he wouldn't give for a toilet right now! The long pent up pee pushed against his spinchter relentlessly. He barely managed to hold back the flood as another wave hit his bladder.

Driving was taking all his attention, but it was difficult to ignore the desperate need for relief. The constant dull ache had given way for bursts of needle sharp pain shooting through his lower abdomen, and every time a wave hit he could just barely keep his pants dry.

He was beyond desperate, and though it seemed impossible he could need to pee worse, his desperation was increasing every single second. Looking at Mary fidgeting freely while he couldn't even cross his legs was another kind of torture.

He simply could not take it any more. Pride be damned, he needed to reduce the pressure. Unbuttoning his jeans while keeping an eye on the road and one hand on the steering was an exercise in dexterity he didn't want to ever repeat.

While he struggled to hold himself, unbutton his jeans and drive safely at the same time, Mary seemed to relax a bit, sitting on her heels. Oh how he wished he had swallowed his pride and asked her to drive! He would give anything to keep his legs firmly crossed. As it is, he was sitting with his thighs pressed as close together as possible, but that just wasn't enough in the face of his desperation.

###

Mary settled back on her heels, grinding them against her labia, trying to soothe her bladder. She was really regretting not taking Josh up on his offer of driving to that MacD. Her desperation had increased to alarming levels in the half hour they had been driving. She was really looking forward to that piss.

She wondered how Josh was doing. He must be looking forward to the End of the Line cafe even more than her. It would be just 15mins or so now, and then she could have her orgasmic relief! Oh how wonderful would that be! Mary was suddenly jolted out of her day dreams by a whimper from Josh.

Looking up, she saw a line of cars - not one of them moving. Oh fudge! Was there an accident up the road or something? No no, not again!

###

Josh could not hold back the whimper as he stopped the car. The tears finally came out along with the first drop from his tired bladder.

This was too cruel! He had done so well to stay dry, even though the pressure was unbearable. He had even hidden his need from Mary! But now? It looked like there was hundreds of vehicles in front of him, stuck behind a pile up probably. He had been so sure he would release his load in 15mins max - but who knew how long it would take to reach the cafe now?

He was in incredible pain, his bladder screaming for release. He twisted his legs together and bent forwards trying to keep his bloated bladder under control. He unzipped his jeans completely, and his rock hard bladder popped out in a very visible bulge. His hand snaked into his underwear and gripped his throbbing dick shut. He was beyond shame - he just wanted to keep his pants dry.

###

Mary's eyes almost popped looking at Josh's bladder bulge. He had finally given in and held himself. Her heart clenched at the sight of her beloved boyfriend in so much pain. Momentarily forgetting her own predicament she reached out a hand to comfort Josh.

He responded with a sob.

"I am about to pee my pants like a 2 year old!"

"It's okay baby, let go if you have to. It'll be okay!"

"No it won't!"

Josh was squirming again, crossing and crossing his legs, trying to clench everything shut. His muscles were bulging from the effort of holding his pee-hole closed. His bladder was potruding out like a pee baby. Watching him would be hot, if not for the utter look of anguish on his face. There was no doubt he was in the last stages of desperation.

Gasping a breath, Josh stuttered out "Can you drive? I must hold" and the golf ball size spot on his jeans testified to the truth of it.

Mary knew it would be very difficult for her to hold on without sitting on her heel, but anyway they didn't seem likely to move anytime soon. She'll cross that bridge when she gets there. Her boyfriend was definitely in worse shape anyway, and unlike her against his will.

"Of course babe! Let me come over that side. You can just scoot over here - don't worry about standing up now"

She opened her door and climbed out. The moment she stood up, there was a rush of pee towards the exit, aided by gravity. She wished she was wearing a long skirt - she could have let some go! But in this tight jeans? No such luck. It took all her will power to not bend in half and do a pee pee dance. The driver from the next car gave her stiff walk a sympathetic look.

She managed to climb back in, still dry. But she knew she would be wet soon, one way or another. Her clit was throbbing in arousal - the thought of the challenge ahead of her was, well, interesting.

She wasn't sure she would make it, and under normal circumstances she would have been mortified. But given Josh's extraordinary desperation, he definitely wouldn't make it - so whenever her body did give up, it wouldn't be too embarrassing. He would understand ... And without the embarrassment, all she could think of was the absolutely orgasmic relief that would accompany the pee. It was making her horny as hell!

A small hiss brought her thoughts back to her very desperate boyfriend. Josh's situation seemed to have worsened. The wet spot was visibly bigger now. He was still heroically fighting it, holding himself with both hands now, but he looked like nearly at the need of his rope.

"I am so so sorry Mary! I am a disgrace! Adults should be able to hold as long as required, but I just can't!"

"Babe, we are all caught short sometimes. I'm bursting too! I really needed to go at the cafe"

###

And finally Josh admitted his need out loud. There was no way of hiding his needs, so he may as well 'fess up.

"I needed to go badly at your office. I haven't peed since lunch"

"Woah, that was like six/seven hours ago!"

"Yes, and the tons of soda hasn't helped. I wanted to pee before I left office, but the gents was closed for cleaning"

"Why didn't you say something!?"

"Why didn't you agree to go to that MacD!? Same reason - adults shouldn't have to inconvenience themselves for such bodily needs! Admitting my failures are embarrassing!"

Mary reached out and gently stroked Josh's shoulder

"Really? You think I was embarrassed to admit I needed to pee? It's a completely natural need you know!"

Josh didn't reply, choosing to simply rock back and forth, somehow miraculously managing not to leak any further.

"Babe, that wasn't the reason ..."

###

Author's Note - Sorry this took so long. Real life can be a pain, and sometimes the writing just doesn't flow I hope you all enjoy this. There will be one last part, and then I think I'll be done with Mary and Josh

