Prompts/Worldbuilding

Author: MrPiggy

*000*2024-06-24 06:05

A while ago, I was using a story-telling AI, and I created and saved a bunch of prompts for it to use. Now that I can’t use it anymore, and since I’m too lazy to write my own complete story, I figured I would just put them here to potentially inspire others.

I’ve revised and modified them so they don’t look like AI prompts but actual starters to build off of. I even added some more details to make it more interesting.

Feel free to use any of these as a basis for your own stories, put them in your own AI’s (though you might need to alter it), or just read them as they are. You don’t need to credit me, but please send me your story so I can read it as well! You all definitely write better than AI anyway.

Disclaimer: All events are purely fictional. The content contains light sadistic dystopian content that some viewers may find distressing. All prompts are created with good intent and do not reflect my actual opinions or views.

Here goes:

Prompt 1 (My Favorite): Healers

In an alternate world, some girls are born with a rare genetic mutation: Their urine contains magical healing properties when applied on an injury. Hence, they are deemed as ‘Healers’.

The fuller a Healer’s bladder is, and the longer she holds it in for, the more potent the healing urine is, although a larger dosage would in turn be required. For example, healing urine that was excreted when the girl’s bladder was not yet full only heals minor bruises, but urine that came out of a girl who painfully held it in for a complete week could fully regenerate tissue or even cure cancer. As such, Healers, along with their urine, are very valuable in this world, and there exists special facilities designed to farm healing urine.

The organizers of these facilities take healers when they are young, feed them lots of water containing diuretics everyday, and force them to hold it in to produce and sell as much potent healing urine as possible. They also insert urethral plugs into each of the girls to further control their bladders, ensuring that there would be no premature urination.

A Healer’s uniform consists of nothing but a short, revealing white dress, along with white thigh-high stockings, as it allows easy access to their nether regions, as well as maintains even the slightest amount of warmth. It was also a cute outfit to see every day, if that mattered at all.

In conclusion, Healers exist as slaves whose sole purpose is to hold in their pee and produce healing urine, and they are constantly and indefinitely forced to endure swollen, overfilled bladders. Write a story about a girl who was deemed a Healer and was sent to a facility like this.

(Perhaps they retire when they turn too old.)

.

Prompt 2: Magical Plug

A girl wakes up to discover that a urethral plug has been inserted inside her. Normally, you could just pull it out and pee, but this particular urethral plug was magic and could not be removed by any means. Therefore, the girl remains unable to pee as long as the plug remained inside. Her bladder slowly fills up and she becomes more and more desperate as she tries a bunch of methods to remove the plug, but to no avail.

Prompt 3: Remote Control

(A story like this has already been made here, but here’s my twist on it.)

A girl, to please her boyfriend, visits a mysterious store and buys him a special remote as a birthday present. The remote, linked to the girl’s bladder, can freely change its state with its three controls.

The first control are simply buttons that can magically add or remove 500ml of urine from the girl’s bladder.

The second control is a dial that changes the girl’s continence. It ranges from 1 to 5, with 1 making her fully incontinent and excreting any urine that enters her bladder, 3 being her normal ability to control her bladder, and 5 being so strong that she is unable to pee at all, as if a plug was inserted in her.

The third and last control are buttons that change the size and capacity of her bladder, and how much urine she can comfortably hold. It adds or removes 500ml of capacity with each press.

The girl puts on a cute outfit to hold it in, gives the boy the remote, and lets him have his way controlling her bladder. He has complete creative freedom and tries to push the girl’s bladder to its limits.

(Do be creative!)

Prompt 3: Hexes

Not really a prompt this time, just two ideas how you can manipulate a bladder via a spell or concoction.

1. Generates an endless amount of pee inside the subject’s bladder, and makes her completely incontinent. Essentially an endless flow of pee that comes out of her urethra, with no way to stop until the effect wears off.

2. Fills the subject’s bladder to bursting point, then paralyzes her urethra so she cannot pee at all. Essentially forces them to endure extreme pain while also sporting an impressive bulge until the effect wears off.

Prompt 4: Norm

(Very similar to many other stories here.)

In an alternate world, it is a cultural norm for women to hold in their pee until their bladder reaches its limit, while men could pee whenever and wherever they wanted. There were no public restrooms for women, and they were expected to only pee once a day at home. A woman’s social status was based on her bladder capacity, and as soon as they learned to pee in a toilet, young girls were subsequently trained to hold in their pee and improve their bladder strength. Women caught urinating in public were humiliated and forced to undergo sadistic bladder training. Write a story about a girl living in such world.

Variation:

In an alternate world, it is a cultural norm for women to put on a chastity belt whenever they went outside. The chastity belt can only be removed once the woman returns home and has a built in urethral plug. Therefore, women were unable to pee at all except when they were at home. Write a story about a girl living in such world.

Prompt 5: Mile Curse

Write a story about a girl who was cursed: Whenever she peed, every female within a 1-mile radius of her instantly lost control of their bladder and also peed. Therefore, to protect everyone around her, the girl painfully holds in her pee until her bladder is on the verge of bursting, and then she would have to go pee in a very secluded place specially designed for her so the curse wouldn’t affect anyone else.

Prompt 6: 100 Tights Challenge

Write a story about a girl who attempts the 100 tights challenge, a challenge where she must first drink 3 bottles of water (or whatever other number of beverage you prefer), put on 100 layers of tights (pantyhose) all at once, and then take them all off before she is finally allowed to pee. (She can also choose to pee through all 100 layers, or insert a urethral plug before the challenge begins so she must complete the challenge at all costs. Many different ways to do this.)

Prompt 7: Hiding

Write a story about a girl hiding in a room (for various reasons). The hiding place was constantly monitored outside, so she cannot leave whatsoever. The open opportunity to escape was in 2 days (or whatever timeframe), and the room did not have a toilet or other container/opening/area that she could pee in. If she peed herself, she would be discovered and then killed/captured due to the noise. Therefore, she was forced to hold it in until she escaped.

Prompt 8: Urine Camp (TW: Nazis)

During World War II, the Nazis had a special secluded ‘urine training’ camp for girls. Upon entry, they would be stripped and only given skimpy negligees and stockings to wear. Every day, they would only be fed water with diuretics and forced to hold in their pee, as anyone caught urinating without permission would be promptly taken away and never seen again. Their only opportunity to pee would be on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, as the girls would line up, and then the first 25 girls in line were allowed to pee together in a large pit in front of all the guards, while everyone else would be forced to hold it in until the next opportunity arose. Write a story about a girl who was sent to this camp.

Prompt 9: Robot

Write a story about a girl who bought a toy robot that would control her bladder. The robot would first tell her to drink a liter of water, and then the girl would periodically ask the robot for permission to pee. The robot would randomly return ‘Yes’ or ‘No’, respectively allowing or denying her relief. Unbeknownst to her, however, the robot was tampered with and is rigged to always answer ‘No’ and make her hold it in indefinitely. The girl is determined to not give up and endures her overfilled bladder for days. She never finds out about the broken robot, at least until she eventually loses control.

Prompt 10: Bulges

In an alternate world, bladder bulges were seen as a sign of beauty on women, with bigger bulges being more attractive. Therefore, girls are trained to hold in their pee for days and even weeks at a time, and to never be seen without a sizable bulge, even at home. They would always drink lots of water to fill their bladders before going out, and public restrooms for women didn’t exist since they were never used. Girls would even use urethral plugs to prevent themselves from involuntarily peeing, and they would always wear tight panties, belts, corsets, short dresses, and pantyhose to accentuate and apply even more pressure to their bladders, as trousers were never worn due to their impracticality. Write a story about a girl living in such world.

Prompt 11: The Stall

In an alternate world, women were not allowed to pee in anything except for The Stall. The stall was a single toilet stall located in every city center that had cameras and transparent walls allowing everyone to see who was inside. Therefore, girls are trained to hold in their pee until their bladders reached their limit, wait an eternity in the immensely long line to The Stall, and then pee with your privates exposed to the entire city. Peeing anywhere else, including the floor, was a crime subject to punishment. Write a story about a girl living in such world.

Prompt 12: Filth

In an alternate world, to discourage women from peeing, public toilets for women would be deliberately kept very unsanitary. Therefore, women would hold in their pee until they got a chance to pee at home, or resort to peeing in alleys or containers since just about anything would be better than peeing in a filthy toilet. Write a story about a girl living in such world.

Prompt 13: Preventing Curse

Write a story about a girl who was born with a particular curse: Whenever she needed to pee, everyone around her would unknowingly and subtly take great measures to prevent her from peeing. Her friends (and other acquaintances) would distract and deflect her from bathrooms, and even strangers would gather into public restrooms to fully occupy them. If she tried to find a secluded place to pee, people would also immediately gather there to make her unable to do so. Therefore, her bladder was constantly full and she was forced to hold it in without any opportunities for relief.

Prompt 14: Model

Write a story about a girl who is an art model. One day, she accepted a gig where she has to pose nude holding a yoga pose while a bunch of students draw her. However, she drank a lot of water before posing and now she has to pee in the middle of the gig. She cannot move, speak, nor go pee due to her being a model, so she is forced to hold it in for hours until all the students finish. On top of that, the uncomfortable pose only increases her urge.

And that’s it! Hope you enjoyed.

*003*2024-06-25 18:45

{{7 hours ago, XxAbthedevxX said:

I would like to know how i can use these promts to generate stories, can u suggest any free ai erotica generators ?

}}

The AI I used was https://playground.openai.com, it’s essentially free use of ChatGPT’s API without all the filters and whatnot. You used to be able to use it for free for a month whenever you made an account, and you could just make more accounts, but it appears to be no longer available in the free plan.

You would have to include a bunch of extra keywords to keep the AI on track and not get something irrelevant or have the AI just repeat what you told them. For example, this is the prompt I actually used for Healers (it can probably be refined further, but you get the idea):

Spoiler

In this world, many young girls are deemed 'Healers'. Hence their name, a Healer's urine has magical healing properties when rubbed on an injury. As such, Healers and their urine are very valuable in this world, and there exist special facilities that try to farm as much healing urine as possible from these girls by feeding them lots of water and diuretics and inserting urethral plugs that take away control of their bladders. These girls, wearing nothing but a short revealing white dress and white thigh highs, exist as slaves whose sole purpose is to hold in their pee and produce healing urine. The fuller a Healer's bladder is, the more concentrated and potent the healing is.

Hence, the facility owners try to make the girls hold as much urine in their bladders as possible before letting it out and collecting the urine. The girls were forced to endure swollen, overfilled bladders that made them appear pregnant for extended amounts of time. Write a long, complete, imaginative, erotic, and sadistic story about a girl who was deemed a Healer and was sent to a facility like this. Be extra detailed on her bladder's fullness, pressure, discomfort, and pain. Do not include any sign of freedom nor rebellion.

{{15 hours ago, Ms. Tito said:

I can't believe there's no prompt for places with norms where anyone of any gender can pee wherever they wish, just like in the hit fiction series Red Flags, Yellow Streams: The Soviet Republic of Pisuaria--

}}

You already wrote that, plus I like seeing people suffer 😉


