Soulsborne Omorashi Fanfiction - Page 2

Author: MrsLittleleaks

*027*2020-01-22 16:29

Next entry could need a while.

Had a very awkward conversation with someone from my RP blog who found my Omorashi fics and had the need to tell me that they have trouble continuing writing with me simply because they know I am into it.

Gave me a full blown anxiety attack and apparently the inability to write good desperation or piss scenes.

I just want to hide under a blanket and die from embarrassement.

*029*2020-01-22 20:57

Thank you very much. And sorry for being slow. I actually prepare the fics for the Omovember atm (I know I am early).

I plan to write the next entry for "The wet tale of five desperate knights" after I updated my main story which isn't omo or nsfw.

Which you all vsn check out too btw if you want ^^

*030*2020-01-23 15:19

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/index.php?app=core&module=system&controller=embed&url=https://twitter.com/badbaras/status/1220360739518476288?s=20" Quick intermission because a friend of mine drew some great fear wetting with Laurentius on my request.

They have loads of good Dark Souls porn, check them out ^^ (They don't usually do a lot of Omo pics though).

*031*2020-01-27 16:06

@124578

I finished the next chapter for "The Wet Tale of Five Desperate Knights", this time it is the one about the Darkwraith. Read it here:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/21560323/chapters/53609242

I wrote a piece without dialogue this time, nice challenge ^^

*033*2020-01-28 13:50

{{17 hours ago, 124578 said:

Maybe the Ashen One was distracted by the sight of the wet armor so the small miracle happened?

}}

OMG, that is much better than my initial reference, me being beaten to death by that particular Darkwraith when he had only like one sliver of health left. I really had trouble getting used to the faster combat of Dark Souls 3 ^^'

Five more request to go! Still drawing a blank on the Fallen Knight though, I need to research more about this particular piece of armour.... that for some strange reason your character can wear.

*035*2020-01-28 20:36

{{4 hours ago, 124578 said:

Can I change the request to Eileen the Crow/ Yorshka/ the Dancer of the Boreal Valley? (If there's a quota)

}}

Oh, I want to write a story about the Fallen Knight, it just hasn't come to me yet, but I can put the three requested characters in my list.

*037*2020-02-10 18:24

Alright, guys, I need your opinion.

The last few weeks I was working on the Ovomember prompts so that I have 30 fics ready to post in November. I have almost finished them, four more to go.

One prompt is "Unable to get clothing off in time" and I wanted to use Emma from Sekiro for it, but when I researched about toilet habits in feudal japan I actually found out that their toilets were build to be used without trouble while wearing kimonos and that they usually didn't wear underwear, so that prompt doesn't make the slightest sense with her.

So, my question is now... should I just throw historical accuraccy out of the window because while the game is inspired by feudal japan it is still very much a fantasy world?

Or should I forget about this scenario and use another character?

If it should be the second one, do you have a nice character in mind who would struggle get out of their clothes in time?

I am actually a bit bummed about this, I really wanted to write this scenario...

*039*2020-02-12 16:18

Thank you for your insight.

I have thought about it and I might use this scenario for a different prompt which is much more fitting to the whole scenario. Also, I am kind of not satisfied with the original fic I wrote for this prompt.

I will find a different character for the "unable to get clothing off in time" prompt. When it comes to armour, like 80 % of the characters could be used xD

*040*2020-02-24 15:49

@diokno44x

I finished your request for a desperate Gwynevere:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/22881223

This... turned out a bit fluffier and shippier than I intended, but hey, I had fun writing it.

Especially because this one person that found out about my Omo kink now told me it was a deal breaker. Hmph, catch me writing more Omo instead!

*041*2020-03-25 15:41

@124578

It took me an age, but here is the next chapter for the five desperate knights, the Abyss Watcher:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/21560323/chapters/55840333

Like in the fic noted, requests are closed for the moment. I tell you when I open them back up.

*043*2020-04-26 16:27

I have finished another request, this time from an AO3 user, featuring Choir Intelligencer Edgar:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/23857648

*045*2020-04-28 06:15

@ventilatte

Ah, thank you so much ^^

Sadly Soulsborne only has very few fanfiction and even less Omorashi, so I need to fill the void ^^ I am very glad you enjoyed them!

May I ask what your fav of them was?

*047*2020-04-29 08:07

Aw yis, both fiction where I used a long drawn out story and went for a JMI scenario ^^

I especially liked the one about Ornstein, because of the ridiculous premise (does our captain pee?) and how much it gets Ornstein into trouble because of his pee shyness ^^

*048*2020-05-20 14:39

I want to give a quick update, because I am tired about my slow update speed, due to me having started too many WIPs.

I have decided to take the rest of the requests and write daily at them, I try to aim for writing 30 minutes daily at them. I should have done that sooner, but because I was preparing Ovomember which I did the same way, I was pretty burned out and did feel like I needed a little break.

With this method, I hope that I can fill out the requests sooner, but still will take some time between updates, even when I have written them all out. Regarding how quick I am and how long the story is, I think I can have one story ready at least once a week. I will have breaks of at least three days between updating though, when I manage to write them quicker than I can update.

Anyway, I hope you continue to enjoy Soulsborne Omo and I hope I can inspire the one or the other to pick up writing about Soulsborne characters in desperate situations also, so that I don't have to be the sole provider for this niche kink in this niche fandom.

*049*2020-05-22 14:01

@diokno44x

I finished the Priscilla Request.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/24321508

Six requests remain.

Spoiler

Spoilers: I have the feeling there will be a lot of wetting in the next requests...

