Darren and Charlotte (The beginning)

Author: Mr.Guy

*000*2025-01-22 03:57

Hey everybody, I am a long time lurker here and I just wrote my first omo story. I thought to share it with you guys to see how well it does. Let me know any and all criticism. I am open for ideas on how to improve. This story is very loosely based off of real experiences. All names have been changed and the story is completely fictional other than some of my personal experiences for inspiration. This does contain a small sexual scene at the end so if that does not interest you, you are more than welcome to skip that part.

I am working on my second 'Chapter' so your feedback will greatly help if i decide to continue this story. I hope you all enjoy it and thank you for reading!

This is a little long so I apologize in advance if it's too much to read!

###

Darren and Charlotte

Ever since I hit puberty, I have always been interested in attractive girls rushing to the bathroom to pee. I don’t know where this comes from or why this turns me on so much. I suppose I saw or witnessed something I am not remembering to trigger this behavior. I don’t remember dabbling in porn before these thoughts came to mind but after….. Yes I have watched a lot of porn about women peeing themselves.

Before the modern age of internet streaming, I clearly remember going downstairs to my father’s computer room early in the morning after he left for work and looking anything and everything up about pee desperation. I would go to the Bound2burst website and read all the stories that were available and then re-read them again to make sure I didn’t miss any action. I then became so bold as to download the trailers of the videos for sale and watch them over and over again wishing I had the money to order the CD’s and play them in our DVD player.

After, I would delete the trailers as to not leave any evidence behind to be found. I don’t know if I ever was caught or if my parents just pretended not to know. To this day no one has confronted me about this so maybe I was just very sneaky. Now don’t get me wrong…. These aren’t the only perversions that interest me. Of course I have the “normal” kinks such as bondage. Sexy outfits. I even like tied up girls and tickling them. It’s just all better when they have full bladders! Man… would I love to tie up a girl and tickle her with a bursting bladder in different outfits until her bladder explodes everywhere. Who wouldn’t enjoy such perverse pleasures?

I always felt a certain guilt even at an early age of seeing and reading about beautiful women holding their pee in desperate situations for my own benefit. I hated the fact that I wanted so desperately to see a woman or one of my classmates in school to uncontrollably pee themselves by not making it to the bathroom in time. I felt evil at my little secret and no one knew I was secretly enjoying their discomfort and panic fill them as they try and rush to the bathroom. I told myself then that I would never tell anyone including my future partners about my little devilish perversions.

I would not force this upon anyone without their consent nor would I ruin a potentially life long partner by telling them about my secrets. It’s almost like an angel and a devil on each shoulder and I’m in constant confliction on what I want and what is morally right. The devil is telling me “Just distract them from the bathroom! Who cares if they pee themselves? It’s just a little embarrassment and you know you would get off to it anyway.” Or “Just drive past that rest stop. Pretend you didn’t see it and keep it up until they burst”

Then the angel is telling me “No, you cannot do this to someone without their consent. Be a gentleman and do the right thing. You can secretly enjoy this without getting involved and influencing the outcome in a negative way. Don’t distract them and stop at the rest stop if they ask…. you sick pervert”. The problem with this is I cannot turn this off when I want. It’s always there in the back of my mind. I wish I could turn this side of me off when I don’t want to engage with these thoughts. Especially when I am busy with something or enjoying an outing with some friends. I will see a line to the bathroom at a festival or fair and see a woman squirming in line….. Damn…. Now all I can do is think about how she is standing in line with a full and bursting bladder wondering how long she can last.

I struggled with this all throughout high school. I’ve had a couple girlfriends throughout. One of which ended horribly with her cheating on me with one of my best friends. I ended up thanking myself that I never told any of them of my darkest secrets. Not letting the cat out of the bag. I’ve witnessed a couple close encounters and I clearly remember the feeling of excitement. How it’s different than anything you see online. Maybe I will write about some of those stories at a different time.

As high school came to a close. I ended up joining the military. It was a nice distraction from my dark thoughts. I was able to finally become a real person. Not this awkward guy who is constantly fantasizing about desperate women and the perversions I would do to them. It helped me to learn to control my thoughts a little better.

As I integrated into my first unit they put me in the dormitories on base. I was happy to see I finally got a room to myself. Yes, I shared a bathroom with my roommate. The bathroom separated our rooms with two doors in the bathroom, one leads to his room and one leads to mine with locks on both sides of the doors. I was able to finally divulge into my dark fantasies again since I had a laptop and a room to myself. Being a 20-year-old guy with a laptop to himself was a bad combination to say the least.

I decided I was going to take some time to myself before I thought about trying to get into another relationship. The last one left me pretty scarred and hurt so I focused on my work and trying to fit in with the rest of the guys at my unit. The only thing that caught my interest was one of the girls in my unit. Her name was Charlotte. We had different positions so it isn’t like I saw or even worked with her every day. I honestly thought she was engaged to another person only because someone told me that. She was also in the dormitories on base as well. I knew this because I would always see her leaving her room. So…. our dormitories were a little different. When you walked out of your room, you would walk onto the outside balcony that overlooked the courtyard and you would have to walk down the long corridor to the stairs to reach the first level. She was living at the dormitory building on the other side of the courtyard facing mine.

I would sometimes walk out of my room and she would be leaving hers at the same time. I would see her across the way and steal glances at her. To give a description of who this gem was. She is short, probably about 5’6. Long brunette hair and has an athletic build. Not like a body builder or anything like that but she has very toned legs, a very round ass that hugged her jeans (or her military uniform when she wore it). It completely filled whatever pants she decided to wear. Now her breasts were large compared to her small stature. They were very full and even though I have big hands, I don’t know if I could cup them all the way with one hand. Yes, they also bounce when she walks. Her hips sway which moves her ass from side to side. I would always look if I had the chance as would the other guys in my unit. Her eyes were a beautiful brown that accented her dark brown hair perfectly. She had this perfect hour glass figure. Not the stick and bone girls you would see online.

She seemed to always wear jeans or yoga pants whenever out of uniform. Man.. do I love a good pair of yoga pants with a perfect ass. As time went on this was my little treat every day. Seeing her and stealing glances at her butt or breasts as she walked past me. I didn’t even think she noticed me to be honest. Just like all the other girls in school who were worried about being popular. She seemed like a very fun but serious girl. I would hear her laugh with her friends in the courtyard while drinking and at work she would be all serious with her duties. Little did I know soon my life was about to take a turn that would change everything….

One Saturday morning I was headed out to my car to do a little shopping and I little did I notice she was parked right next to me. She happened to be on her way to her car at the same time. We bumped into each other.

“Opps… Sorry! I didn’t mean to cut you off!” I said to her

“No worries! It was my clumsy butt anyway. I wasn’t paying attention. Are you finally enjoying a Saturday off from all the crap they put us through all the time?” She asked

“Umm… is that even a question?” I nervously chuckle. “I’m finally going to get some good breakfast food off base and enjoy some quiet time by myself. I’m Darren by the way if you don’t already know.”

“Nice to finally meet you, Darren. My name is Charlotte” As she shakes my hand. “I always see you around and it seems like we always leave our rooms at the same time. Haha! I just never got a chance to introduce myself to you… wait…. Why are you going to get breakfast by yourself?”

I was a little taken back by how outgoing and forward she was. “Yes, it does seem we are leaving at the same time. I promise I’m not stalking you or anything. And I usually try and eat by myself sometimes to have a little peace and quiet away from everyone” Damn… why did I have to give her the idea I was stalking her? Now I know why I don’t put myself out there.

“Ehh…. It wouldn’t be that much of a problem if you were anyway” as she gives me a flirty wink. “Well, if you want to eat by yourself, I guess that’s fine. But I was planning on coming with because I was about to eat by myself too.”

Did she really just say she wanted to come with? I am honestly a little speechless right now. “Ahh… well.. I mean… I don’t mind… I just thought…. Yes…… I suppose you can come with. You will give me good company anyway.” What the fuck is happening right now?

“Great! Let me grab my things from my car and we can go because I am hhhuuunnggrrry!!!” As she said that she opened the passenger car door and leaned over. I don’t know what she needed to grab but she gave me an entire view of her ass in her tight light color blue jeans. As I looked, she turned her head to the side and caught me looking at her. I quickly turned my head to “look” at something else. I swear I saw her with a slight smirk on her face. I wonder what kind of panties she is wearing…. Stop! You cannot let yourself think like that…. She just caught you looking at her ass and all you can think about are her panties? That angel on my shoulder really does try and keep me in check.

After she emerged from her car she closed and locked her doors and pranced her way over to my SUV and hopped in the passenger seat. As I walked over to the driver’s door I could see her looking around and investigating everything around her. She was genuinely curious over what the inside looked like and what I had in there. I didn’t have much. I kept it pretty clean and tidy.

I hopped in and started the car. She was opening everything she could see in front of her and she had the biggest grin on her face. Then I remembered…. SHIT….. “What in the world are THESE?” as she pulled out a pair of real handcuffs from the glove compartment. “Are you planning on kidnapping me? Or are you just a dirty birdy?” as she said smiling.

“I…UH… don’t remember…. I promise I’ve never used them…… and …. What are you doing snooping around my car anyway?” I said with the most nervous look on my face.

“Relax Darren… everyone has a kink of some type. Even nervous guys like you. Plus, they look good on my hands anyway!” as she clasped both cuffs on her wrists.

Yes Charlotte, as I thought to myself. Everyone does have a kink but mine would have you running for the hills if I told you. The thoughts in my head would probably send me to jail if I spoke them out loud. I sat there staring at her wrists with the handcuffs on a little too long as my thoughts ran wild. The things I would do….. “Yea, I guess. But those were more of a gag gift from a friend and I just put them in there not thinking. And you should probably take them off before you hurt yourself.” I playfully said as I reached over her and took the key out of the glove compartment and released the cuffs and threw them back in. “No more snooping OK?”

“Awww, but were just starting to have fun! Fine… I won’t go looking anywhere else. I don’t want to disturb your privacy……” she said throwing her arms in the air almost mocking me. “Anyways, lets get going before we starve”

The diner wasn’t too far away. Maybe a 10-minute drive. It was still early in the morning at about 8:45. As we drove, we started chatting about how we joined the military and our family. I couldn’t help but casually look at her sexy toned legs as we drove. How her jeans perfectly fit snug over them and how they were nice and tight around her hips. The shirt she was wearing was a low-cut black spaghetti strapped shirt that showed her midriff well. It was loose at the bottom that flowed with the wind. Her breasts were very perky which raised the bottom of her shirt to expose the button of her jeans and just a little of her stomach. I could see her bra strap was a lacy dark red which only made sense she was probably wearing a matching set of panties.

We entered the parking lot and found a close spot near the door. The diner wasn’t packed which was nice. We got seated at a booth and we sat across from each other. I shot a glance at her breasts to see how far down I could look with no luck… The waitress took our drink orders and we both ordered coffee and water. I only sipped mine as she was continuously sipping her coffee and drinking her water.

“I absolutely loovveee coffee in the mornings!” She said as she took a long sip followed by a few gulps of her water. “It really is the only way to start of the day…. So anyways, what are your plans for the rest of the day? It’s still really early.”

“Well, I really was just going to get some breakfast and go back to my dorm and probably play video games or something. I dunno. What about you?”

“That sounds boring as hell. You guys and your video games” she said rolling her eyes “I was planning on going shopping until you forced me to eat breakfast with you. But now we have to do something about your day because I want to die just thinking about it!” She took a couple more sips of her coffee and noticed her cup was empty. This is the second cup she has finished and the water was pretty much gone other than the ice sitting at the bottom.

“I know! You’re going to spend the day with me and we are going to do something actually fun. But what to do…. Hmm… how about going to the beach?!? It’s only an hour away and it gets us away from this town!”

Thinking about her in a bikini? I’m afraid I won’t be able to contain my hard on in my swimming trunks. Was she flirting with me right now? I couldn’t tell. Or is she just really friendly?

“Sure! That actually sounds like a great idea. After we eat, we can head back, grab our stuff and hit the road.”

“Of course it’s a good idea! Plus, I need someone to help me put sunblock on my back when we get there. I don’t want to ask a stranger. That would be too weird.” The idea of slathering sun block all over her sent shivers down my spine.

The waitress came back, refilled our coffee again and took our orders. We sat there chatting away about anything and everything. Nothing too serious but we were getting to know each other. I kept seeing her take sips of her coffee and her refilled water when I noticed her shifting in her seat a little. Could it be…..? No, she is just adjusting. Don’t get your hopes up…

We finally got our food and started eating. We talked about walking the beach, how good it feels laying in the warm sand. She said she likes to feed the seagulls and collecting sea shells. Her ultimate goal is to find a perfect conch shell one day. It honestly sounded like a really relaxing time.

The waitress came back and asked “Would you like refills on your drinks before I bring the check?” Charlotte lifted her finger and I could tell she was about to say no and I jumped in “Yes please. That would be great. Thank you.”

“Of course! I will be right back.” Charlotte sat there and smiled at me and said “Ok, maybe just one more cup of coffee before we go.” My devilish instincts started to kick in. Was I influencing anything in a negative way? Of course not. Even a guy who doesn’t have these thoughts would have said the same thing. So I’m really not doing anything wrong. Just being a gentleman.

The waitress filled up our mugs (I wasn’t going to drink any of mine as I was already pretty full from the food) we sat and chatted for about 10 more minuets as she finished her cup of coffee. I’ve been keeping track of how much she was drinking. She has had 2 ½ cups of water and 4 cups of coffee (thanks to me).

“Well Darren? Are we ready to go? I don’t want to get to the beach too late. I still have to get ready”

“Yes ma’am!” I said with a big smile on my face. We then got up, and I was about to grab the check and she snatched it away from me “Ha ha. No, I forced myself to come with you and made you agree to it. And now I’m taking you away from what you wanted to do today. I will be paying for this. Think of it as repayment for me bothering you”

I was shocked “You don’t have to do this. I wanted you to come with anyway and you gave me a great time. I am happy to be the gentleman.” Trust me you are repaying me in potentially other ways.

“No! I want to do this for you. You’re the one who gave me a good day. Trust me… I needed this more than you know.” I didn’t object any more and let her pay for the food. As she stood at the counter to pay, I noticed she lifted her right foot behind her and I saw her bend her left knee. She slightly leaned forward as well. Once she placed her right foot back on the ground, she crossed it over with her left while she was finishing up paying.

She turned around to me and said “OK, lets get out of here.” We left the restaurant and I led her to my SUV and opened the passenger door for her. “Awww, thank you. You are a gentleman and a scholar my good sir!”

“My pleasure madam!” As I did a little bow to her and pretended to take off my non-existent top hat. She giggled at me “Get in the car goofball.”

I walked around and hopped in the car. As I started the engine, I glanced over to her to see she was on her phone while waiting for me to get in and I saw her right leg clearly crossed over her left. Now… I’m no expert but with all the evidence presented to me, it would be safe to assume she probably has to pee. Maybe not urgently but enough to get at least some of her attention. I told myself I would not bring up the bathroom just to see how far this goes. I know the chances of an emergency on her part was little to none but maybe I can get a little desperation action while on this beach trip and have a midnight reel in the back of my head before I go to sleep.

We drove back not saying much. I am kind of a quiet guy anyway so it really didn’t bother me. We listened to music and I could hear her quietly singing to it while doing a little dance. She was definitely an outgoing person. I can already see her pushing me out of my shell more than anyone else in my life at the moment. I mean she forced herself to join me for breakfast and she was so interested in everything I had to say. She barely wanted to talk about herself. Only asking me questions about my life and interests. I was already starting to gain more than a physical attraction to her. It almost seemed like this was planned or something. Weird.

Once we got back to the parking lot on base we got out of my car and she turned to me:

“Darren, would you like to come up to my dorm while I grab my things? Then we could go to yours to get whatever you need and we can then head off”

“Yea, that sounds fine to me! Now when we get to mine you are not allowed to snoop you little snooper OK?” Now I get to see if she is going to use the bathroom or not before we leave. I’m hoping not but part of me is telling me I should mention it for her own sake. I shouldn’t relish on her possible being distracted to not take care of her own bodily needs.

“No promises! You better keep an eye on me or I might start looking around. Maybe I will find some whips and chains too. Haha!” She gave me another wink.

“Maybe you will and maybe you won’t! I guess we will find out, won’t we?”

I let her lead the way to her dorm. This gave me another chance to ogle her ass as she walked up the steps leading to her floor.

Once we got in her room, I got a chance to look around. It was a pretty typical female dorm room. Pictures of family, friends, a laundry bin with clothes that haven’t been folded. I turned my head over to Charlotte already looking at me with a couple bikinis in her hand.

“Which one would you like me to wear? Bright red, or black?” She said this while kind of bouncing up and down.

“Umm…. I like the bright red one!” as I pointed to it. Wow. She is letting me choose her outfits. I already started to get a chub in my pants.

“Ok! Bright red it is. Black and red are my favorite colors so either one would’ve been ok with me”

“Red is my favorite color too!” I said to her.

“Wow, look at that. We already have so much in common” she said.

She finished packing up her beach bag and we headed out the door to my room. Now it was my turn to lead her. I swear I caught her looking at my butt but maybe that was my imagination. We reached my room and she plopped down on my bed and stretched her body out. I couldn’t but help look at this beautiful girl sprawled out on my bed like she owned the place. I desperately wanted to hop on top of her and feel every inch of her warm naked body against mine.

“Wow… Did I give you permission to lay on my bed like it’s yours?”

“Do I need to ask for permission sir?” She said in a little cute submissive voice clearly toying with me. Fuck…… she had no idea what she was doing to me. AND she had no idea what my thoughts are capable of. As she said this, I saw her cross her legs again and it seemed a little tighter squeeze this time. She bent her knees up and her feet were swaying back and forth.

“Maybe you do need permission Charlotte. But.. for now I will let this one slide.” Now it was my turn to wink back at her. She smiled at me and continued to watch me pack my things without saying anything but I could feel her stare the entire time in my room. Once I finished, I grabbed my bag and headed for the door. Charlotte jumped off my bed. I looked at the little imprint she made on my bed and for some reason it turned me on knowing she was laying on my bed.

“Finally!” she said “You took forever. Geeze. I’ve been ready this whole time!” We both laughed and walked out the door.

I led her back to my car and opened the door again for her. She hopped in the same way as last time and I came over to the driver’s side and started the engine. I noticed the gas was a little low and we should probably fill up since its over an hour away.

“Damn… We need gas. Do you mind if we stop at the gas station on base before we left?”

“Not a problem!” she said” I will just wait in the car while you fill up”

Music to my ears. But I did have a devilish idea…. We reached the gas station and I started to fill up with gas. She sat in the car on her phone scrolling through Facebook. I peered in through the open driver door and asked “Would you like me to run inside quick and grab us some drinks and snacks? And if so, what would you like?”

“Ummm….” She contemplated “I would love a Mountain Dew and some water please. Yea… I have a bad relationship with Mt.Dew…. I know its really bad but I can’t help it sometimes…. Well…. Most of the time.” She laughed.

“Your request is my demand!” As I said with the biggest grin on my face and a rising erection in my pants. I’m glad I chose to wear tighter underwear to help hide the growing bulge down under. So I walked inside the gas station as quick as possible but still looking casual and I grabbed the biggest Bottle of Mtn Dew. They had 32oz bottles so I grabbed one of those. I also grabbed 2 1-liter bottles of water. One for her on the way down and one for her on the way back. I need to make sure she is well hydrated since we are going to the beach and all and I don’t want her passing out due to heat.

I’m just looking out for her own safety anyway! I am more interested in the trip back to be honest, but I want to make sure she is consuming all the drinks so I can get her well hydrated throughout the day. I do, however, don’t want her to have a potential embarrassing problem before we get to the beach. That would force us to come back early and I would miss out on seeing her in a sexy swimsuit swimming with her in the ocean. But why not have some fun while were driving down. Right? I will make sure to stop in time for her to use the restroom but on the way back is when the angel and devil on each shoulder will be talking to me about what to do with her.

Is this wrong? Should I make a poor beautiful girl suffer for my own pleasures? I mean if she does pee herself, I will make sure to take care of her as best as possible in her time of need. I guess we will see whether the angel or devil wins out on the way back. But on the way there, I guess I will see how desperate she will get and when she will inevitably ask me to stop to use the restroom. I am curious to see if she is willing to discuss such private topics with someone she just started hanging out with.

I paid for the drinks and made my way back. She was still on her phone and when she looked at me she gave me a beautiful smile. “Thank you so much. You are too kind” She took one of the water bottles and started drinking. I was watching as she drank probably a quarter of the first bottle. Charlotte gave me an inquisitive look as I gazed at her while drinking her water. I plugged in the GPS and then we started off on our journey to the beach. I was actually pretty excited to spend the day with her. Not only to see a beautiful girl potentially get a full and bursting bladder but to actually get to know her. It’s been a long time since I’ve had a genuinely good day.

Charlotte went out of her way to get to know me and the attention she was giving me was breath of fresh air. That’s why I feel bad for having these perverted thoughts. If I had a genie bottle and three wishes, one of them would be to take this fetish away and for it to never come back. Even when I try to push this down in the depths of my mind. To try and force it to be dormant, it always rears its ugly head like today when I want to get to know someone for who they are and not how much they need to pee. But… I guess I will have to deal with these thoughts and if they ruin something good then maybe I’m not ready for a relationship.

As we got onto the highway, I was able to focus my attention back to Charlotte. She had her right leg crossed over her left again and her right arm loosely between her legs. We were quietly listening to music and she was smiling like she was having an honest good time with me which drove my attraction for her up by about 10 notches. I scanned my eyes up and down her body thinking how lucky I was to be spending this much time with her and how gorgeous she was. I then saw her smile fade and look over to me.

“Darren?” she said kind of emotionless “Can I ask you a personal question?”

“Yes of course you can. Is something bothering you?”

“Well…. no not really but I need to know something before anything more happens….” She was looking down at her feet like she was nervous at what she was about to ask. This drove my anxiety through the roof like I did something wrong or upset her. Does she suspect something? Does she know? There isn’t any possible way she could. I’ve been hiding this for years and no one has called me out for it yet but she is very perceptive. I don’t know.

“I feel bad for asking if it’s not true and I know this is very forward of me… but…. Do you have a girlfriend or any love interest right now?”

I honestly was so relieved to hear that I wanted to moan in a sigh of relief.

“Don’t feel bad for asking that Charlotte. I’m honestly glad you did because I was going to ask you the same thing once I worked up the courage. You just beat me to the punch… No, I don’t at the moment. I really wasn’t looking for anything because I…. well…. The last relationship ended badly for me. We were together for 3 years and she ended up cheating on me with one of my best friends. I told myself I wasn’t going to look for anything for a while to try and recover so I wouldn’t bring that baggage into my next relationship. This is probably more that you wanted to know but I feel I can trust you for some reason.”

She was looking at me the whole time while I told her that. She had a genuine look of empathy like she knew what I was going through. I saw her uncross her legs and squeeze them together. Her right leg started to bounce a little bit.

“Thank you for sharing that and thank you for being honest with me Darren. I want you to know I am very glad to hear that….. I mean…. No…… sorry. Not that I’m glad you got cheated on. I am very sorry to hear you went through that. I am glad you don’t have any other interests right now. When we were at the diner together and I told you I needed this more than you know.. I wasn’t lying. I just feel very connected and safe with you for some reason. I’ve also had not the best of luck with guys. I just got out of a very verbally abusive relationship with a guy and I found out he cheated on me as well towards the end. We dated way longer than we should have. I thought I saw something in him that wasn’t there.”

She paused for a few moments as we sat there in silence. “You have really kind and beautiful eyes Darren. I’ve never seen such crystal blue eyes before and it’s honestly a little intimidating when you look at me. I can tell you are reserved and shy and it makes me want to get to know you more. It feels like there is something more to you than meets the eye and I want to find out.”

She then reached over and rested her hand on my right thigh. I wanted to jump through my skin and it felt like I was on cloud 9. That was one of the sweetest things anyone has ever said to me and I almost felt like a tear drop wanted to fall out of my eye. I felt as if I don’t deserve this. Plus she was calling me out without knowing it. She senses there are secrets with me and now she knows it’s not some other girl in my life.

I swear I saw her look at my pants and was staring at my now noticeable erection I had. “Charlotte ….” As I took my right hand off the steering wheel and placed it on top of her hand resting on me leg. “You have just told me the kindest thing anyone has ever said to me. You are a very beautiful person inside and out and I honestly never thought I would get a chance to meet, let alone talk with someone like you. Thank you for that…. Thank you for today.”

We sat there in silence for a while as I kept driving. Her knees were now bouncing together repeatedly. I knew her bladder was getting full and my erection was getting fuller. She leaned forward and squeezed her legs together. I thought I heard a little whimper coming from her. I listened as her breathing became more strained and shorter. This was driving me insane. I could hardly focus on the road after everything we talked about and now she is probably bursting at the seams. It has been almost 2 hours since we first sat at the diner and we still have about 30 minuets before we get to the beach.

I looked ahead on the road and there we both saw….. traffic….. and a lot of it. Oh boy did this just get interesting. We came to almost a crawl. Cars were honking at each other and everyone was moving over to the left lane.

“Crap” I said. “Looks like a bad accident up ahead” I tried sounding as if this was concerning to me.

“Oh no” She said with a strain in her voice. “This. Is. Not. Good.” She was now repeatedly holding her breath before gasping again. Her eyes started to squint and both legs were bouncing up and down. I could see her leg muscles flexing through her jeans she was squeezing so hard.

“What’s wrong? Its just a little traffic. It will be over as soon as we pass the accident” I asked as if I didn’t know what was already wrong.

“Umm… well… I was going to ask you earlier but we were having such a good conversation and didn’t want to ruin it….. Its just…. I ………. Ummm…… really have to pee…… and I think I waited a little too long……”

“Oh my gosh! You should have told me sooner! I am so sorry Charlotte.” I tried sounding like a normal person but I could now feel the pre-cum in my underwear. “We will find somewhere as soon as possible, OK? Just try and hold on a little longer.”

“Ok….” Was all she could muster to say to me. It was more of a whimper than anything. We ended up coming to a complete stand still. Now that the cat is out of the bag she wasn’t trying to hide it anymore. Her hands were jammed in the crotch of her jeans and her whole body was squirming now. I could see the beads of sweat forming on her forehead. I could see the panic starting to take over. What if she peed herself in my car? I wouldn’t mind getting the seat detailed and cleaned. “Fuck…. Shit…… God I have to piss….. Sorry for my language. I’m just dying over here…..”

We sat there for the next 10 minuets as the traffic started to clear up. She was now rhythmically rocking back and forth. Her eyes were closed. Her right hand was pressed in her crotch so hard that I could see the white of her knuckles. Her left had was balled into a fist and was lightly hitting her left leg. “Darren….. please….. help me…. I can’t..”

I reached over and placed my right hand on her left leg. I could feel her muscles quivering. She was on the edge of a full-blown accident right next to me. “Hold on Charlotte. We will find somewhere soon!” I was speeding down the road to find anywhere to stop for her. Even though I didn’t want to stop and I wanted so see her completely piss herself. She deserved to find a place to pee and I didn’t want to ruin our beach trip although some of this was to blame on me and I kinda felt bad for that.

“I can’t hold on anymore! Don’t you see that! I’m literally about to piss my pants in your ……. Shit…… Car! If you don’t find somewhere in the next minuet, I’m going to piss myself!!!” Holy shit… I wanted to pull my cock out and stroke it right there. I wanted her so bad. What would it be like if I shoved myself inside of her while she had to pee this bad? What would it be like if I pounded her until she couldn’t hold on anymore? My thoughts were running wild. Then… I saw it….. an abandoned gas station where nothing else was around. I sped up even faster to get there

“God… fuck me!...... I can’t hold it anymore! PLEASE!” She was leaned over so far her hair was covering her face. Both hands were jammed in between her legs. She unbuttoned her jeans and pulled the zipper down. I still couldn’t see what color panties she was on verge of pissing in…. The gas station was right there. I slowed down and quickly turned into the abandoned parking lot. I thought my car was going to tip over I turned so fast.

“DARREN!!! I CAN’T…… ahhh….. oh shit” she froze in her seat. I stopped the car for her to get out but she was silent. Her eyes were wide. Pure panic overtook her.

“Charlotte! Were here!” I jumped out of the car and ran around to the passenger door, opened it and saw her still sitting there frozen. “Come on Charlotte! You can make it!” I reached my hand out to her to grab.

“I can’t move…. If I move I…… ahhh!!! Will start pissing. I already started….. to piss myself a little…. PLEASE HELP ME!” I unbuckled her seat belt. Grabbed her right hand and started to lead her out of the car. She slowly and carefully moved her legs out of the car and placed them on the ground. Her left hand was still jammed against her crotch. I helped her slowly and carefully start to stand. As she did, I looked down and saw a wet patch on her jeans about the size of a baseball. I kept the door open to try and block anyone passing from seeing. “Charlotte you made it. Go ahead and pee now.”

“Ok…..” she said as she unzipped her zipper. I looked away to be a gentleman despite the fact I wanted to see and ravage her body. I could hear the raspy noise of the fabric of her jeans being pulled down and then I heard it… I heard her starting to pee on the asphalt. It honestly sounded like Niagara falls. It was loud and I could hear the hissing. It felt like it was going on forever.

“Oh god….” I could hear the sigh of relief as she continued peeing on the ground. It almost sounded like she was enjoying it to some degree. “Fuck me…. That was bad….” Was all she could say as the sound of her peeing started to die down. It finally came to a trickle and then it stopped.

“Darren…. Do you have any… tissues or napkins?”

“Yes I do.. hang on.” I went into the glove compartment without looking at her and found some extra napkins. I handed them over to her from behind my back.

“Thank you.” I heard her wiping and cleaning up. She pulled up her pants and I heard the zipper of her jeans.

“You’re good now… Honestly you didn’t have to look away. But thank you for being kind and courteous. Holy shit Darren…. That was the closest I’ve ever been to pissing my pants.. well.. I did a little but I didn’t completely lose control. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have made it.”

Girl.. you have no idea what I wanted to do.. You have no idea that I didn’t want you to make it and that I wanted desperately to pin you against my car and ravage you while you uncontrollably peed your pants. I turned around to see her and looked down at the ground. The puddle was absolutely enormous. I have never witnessed something like that in my life. I didn’t know that bite sized body could hold so much!

“You’re welcome, Charlotte. I’m glad you made it in time. You really did have to go! Look at that puddle! Holy crap Charlotte!” Her cheeks turned red in embarrassment.

“I know right? I didn’t even know I could hold that much! Well let’s get going. I don’t want anyone to pass us and know what I did.”

We got back in the car and continued our journey. She was happy and chipper again. We talked about and laughed at the predicament we were in. She then told me a few other stories similar to this one and I was happy to listen to every word. She continuously thanked me for helping her and placed her hand back on my thigh for the rest of the car ride.

We made it to the beach without any problems. It was a really nice day. Not too hot or windy. I grabbed all of our stuff including the drinks and we made our way to the bathrooms to change. I got out first and waited for her. It did make me a little nervous for her to see me without a shirt on. What would she think of me? Am I good looking to her? When she finally came out I saw her in her red bikini that I chose for her to wear. It looked so much better on her than on a clothing hangar. Her butt cheeks were tight against the swimming bottom. They weren’t too cheeky like a thong but they showed enough to make any guy want to stare including me. Her top showed just how perky her breasts were. It covered them enough but I couldn’t stop staring and I think she noticed. God I wanted to touch them… feel them… and taste them. This woman is going to be the end of me I swear.

“Charlotte…. You look absolutely stunning!” I said as I gazed upon her entire body.

“Thank you… but you’re the handsome one here.” She looked up and down my body. She noticed my erection again. “Those blue eyes really show at the beach. They are very nice to look at” Now it was my turn to blush.

“Don’t be embarrassed Darren. You should be proud of how handsome you are and how beautiful your eyes look. And I don’t mind those eyes looking at me.” She was smiling.

I reached out my hand and she took it willingly. We walked to the beach together with both of us hand in hand smiling. The beach had community umbrellas so I took advantage and grabbed one. We set it up, put our towels down and laid down next each other. We kept talking and talking in the warm shade while listening to the waves crashing on the shoreline. She took the water bottle that she only drank a quarter of earlier in the car and slowly started drinking it. We were sharing the bottle between us until she ended up finishing it and started to drink the second unopened bottle. I was actually really thirsty from what happened earlier. I was sweating profusely and my mouth was dry from witnessing her almost pissing in her jeans. Believe it or not, watching her hold her pee made me extremely dehydrated.

After a while she nestled up right next to me while I was laying on my back. She put her left thigh across my body. I wrapped my arm around her and rested it on her lower back with her head against my shoulder and I placed my right hand on her leg that was laying across me right under the seam of her bikini. I wanted to rest my hand across her butt but I refrained. There is no way she didn’t feel my erect penis pushing against her naked thigh through my swimming trunks. I started to feel her body twitch as she drifted off to sleep. As I was laying there, I was thinking about everything that happened today. I have a beautiful girl basically laying on top of me in her bikini sleeping soundly. She gave me one of the most exciting moments of my life and on top of that I feel completely comfortable with her. Maybe this girl here might be the one person I can be open with about my deepest desires….. I slowly started drifting off to sleep wondering…..

I don’t know how long I was sleeping for but I woke up in a daze. I had forgotten where I was. Almost as if everything that happened was a dream. I looked around and realized we were still at the beach. The sun was not on right above us anymore and was starting to make its way to the horizon. The orange started to take over the sky. I looked over to Charlotte and she was already awake. She was laying there staring at me smiling. I noticed that the second water bottle she started to drink before we fell asleep was empty. Her hand was resting across my chest slowly brushing her finger tips against my skin. It gave me goosebumps throughout my whole body and made me shudder.

“Wake up sleepy head”

“How long have I been asleep for? And how long have you been staring at me?” I asked in a joking way.

“Well… we’ve been sleeping for about two and half hours and I’ve been watching you sleep for about 30 minutes. I’m sorry but I drank all the water. I was really thirsty when I woke up.”

“That’s fine. I’m not thirsty anyway. It’s nice waking up to you and seeing your face though.” I gazed at her body facing me. Yep, still beautiful and probably full of water again. What an amazing day. “Well, did we want to pack up and head back to our dorms? If we left now, we will probably get back after dark. Good thing we have off tomorrow!” I said as I was picking up my towel and starting to fold it.

“Yes, that’s a great idea. But… we don’t have to go back to both of our dorms…. We just have to go back to one of them you know. And I’m glad we have off tomorrow too. It would be nice to spend another day with you. I haven’t had this good of a nap in probably forever.”

We both got up and we helped dust the sand off of our bodies. This gave me an excuse to rub the back of her legs and the inside of her toned thighs. I am definitely going to need a shower when we get back. How nice would it be by some coincidence for both of us to be in one shower at the same time. I took back the umbrella while Charlotte was packing up our stuff and throwing away the trash (both empty water bottles if you want me to be specific) and we went into the bathrooms to change. I assumed she would use the bathroom before we left.

She came out with her tight sexy jeans and shirt again. The same jeans she peed a little in but her pants seemed dry now. I would have been ok if she was still in her bikini but I know that would have probably been uncomfortable. We headed back to my car holding hands. I lead her into the passenger seat and she reclined to get more comfortable. I started the car and we were off.

Once on the road she picked up the Mountain Dew she never finished and started drinking it. “I know, I know Darren.. It’s bad but it tastes soooo good! This is like my water!” She put the bottle to her lips and I watched as the liquid disappeared into her body. I’m still in shock about what happened before we got to the beach and now she is setting herself up again for the second time today. She caught me staring at her just like last time while drinking and gave me a confused look. I smiled at her and turned my head back to the road.

She put her sunglasses on and ended up laying her head down and falling asleep. I rested my hand on her thigh and was gently rubbing her. I wanted so badly to move closer and closer up her leg and it took everything not to. So there I was, Charlotte was fast asleep and I was in a euphoric bliss with the outcome of today. This gave me time to think about everything and where this would go from here. I could see myself quickly falling for this girl and it honestly scared me a little to be vulnerable like that again. I was deeply scarred by my last relationship and I didn’t want to put myself in that position again nor did I want to hurt her with any baggage I might have. The problem is that I am drawn to her. I wanted her in every way you can think of.

While on the way back we encountered a detour which added about 45 minutes to the trip. So it would be almost 2 hours before we would get back to our rooms. I think it was because of that car accident earlier but I wasn’t entirely sure. Charlotte didn’t notice because she was still fast asleep. The GPS took us on very confusing and narrow backroads and it was starting to get really dark outside. I missed my turn a few times which forced me to turn around. I saw Charlotte rustling around as I was making abrupt stops and turns. She was probably about to wake up soon.

I finally got back on track and I saw Charlotte turn her head to me and she opened her eyes. “Good evening sleepy head” I said in a little mocking tone like she did to me on the beach. “How are you doing? Did you get a good nap in?”

“Yes I did. Thank you for letting me nap. You’re the best. I needed another one. Wait… where are we? I don’t remember this” She looked around at the darkness and unfamiliar roads with a questionable look.

“We ended up having to be detoured. I’m not sure why though but the GPS took us on a weird route and I kept missing my turns and having to turn around a lot. But we should be back in about 30 minutes.” I said frankly without much emotion.

“Oh….. ok… I guess that should be fine.” She gave a worried look and glanced at the GPS to confirm what I said was true about the time. She shifted in her seat and was kind of leaning in my direction. Her hand went in between her squeezed legs again. Fuck… this is happening again. I literally can’t handle this. She looked down at my pants and saw another erection. She reached over and started rubbing my left thigh with the one hand not between her legs and gave me a mischievous smile.

“How are you doing over there Darren?” She said in a very seductive tone still smiling at me.

“Well Charlotte, if you must know, you rubbing my leg is distracting me from the road. How am I supposed to get us home safe when you’re doing that?”

She leaned in closer and whispered “It seems you were already distracted even before I started rubbing your leg you little liar.” My breathing started to become heavy. She probably has no idea my raging hard on is probably because she is dying for a piss and doesn’t want to tell me to stop again. “I know you were pitching a tent at the beach when I rested my thigh over your body. Just so you know… I did that on purpose and wanted to see what you would do.” She giggled and started rubbing my thigh higher up on my leg.

“Umm Charlotte… just so you know, it would be hard for anyone not to be… excited…. If they saw you in a revealing bikini. Maybe I’m just thinking about that right now.” She shifted again in her seat and glanced at the GPS for the second time.

“It’s ok. Maybe I wanted you to look at me in my bikini. It was hard not to notice you keep staring at me. You’re not very good at hiding it just so you know.”

I looked back over to her and she was sitting back in her normal position and her legs were crossed just like they were before. I saw her left knee bouncing up and down and heard a distinct tapping sound of her foot on the floor of my car. “Well maybe I wasn’t trying to hide it from you. Maybe, just maybe I wanted you to notice me staring at your body.” She took her hand away from my thigh and placed it next to the other one that was not firmly between her legs. She giggled at my comment but I swear I heard a small whimper in her voice.

“I can’t wait to get back and have a nice hot shower and wash all this beach off.” She said as her legs were bouncing up and down. I wanted her hand on my leg again. I wanted to feel her touch against my body and I really wanted her to touch something else. She knew I wanted her and she knew telling me about her showering would drive my desire even higher. I reached over and placed my hand on her thigh and began rubbing up and down her bouncing leg. I let my hand travel a little higher right at the top of her leg where my fingers were barely in between her legs just about an inch away from touching her desperate pussy. What I really wanted to do was place my hand right on top of her bladder and start massaging her there. I wanted to see just how long she could last before she burst.

She was now starting to breathe heavy for different reasons other than desperately having to pee. I saw her close her eyes and it sounded like she moaned a quiet whisper. She bit her lip and looked at me with lustful eyes. “You better not go any higher naughty boy.”

“Why is that? You’re the one teasing me right now and I’m just returning the favor.” I said as I gave her upper thigh a quick squeeze.

She yelped “AHH!!” she tore my hand away “As I was saying… you are not allowed to do that or go any higher because….. I have to pee again and if you touch me there its going to make it worse than it already is mister.” She was not pointing her finger at me. “I didn’t realize I had to go this bad. I should have gone before we left the beach…”

Wow. She did not use the bathroom before we left! Holy shit… I was in heaven. She is more desperate than I thought. I looked at the GPS and we still had about 15 minuets to go before we make it back. “Well this is going to be tough because these are twisty roads and I don’t want to pull off on such narrow roads and potentially cause an accident.” All this was true. I really did not like these roads and it’s now pitch black. I would rather have an accident IN the car rather than with another car.

“No” she said frankly “I don’t want to embarrass myself again by pissing on the side of the road and I definitely don’t want to cause an accident. AND there are animals outside so I will just hold it. But Darren….. please hurry… this is getting serious.” She reclined her seat even further and pressed both hands against her crotch. She started to do rhythmic breathing. Her shirt road up a little and I could see her stomach. Her lower abdomen was extremely distended and I could see her bladder pushing against her tight jeans. I’m sure that was not helping at all.

“I will do my best to hurry Charlotte. I’m sorry you are in the situation again.” I said trying to sound normal. But in reality, I wanted nothing more than to see her in soaking wet pants.

“Oh God Darren, not again…. It’s harder to hold it this time because of earlier. It came on so quick.” She was rocking back and forth. She was talking to herself “I can hold it. You can hold it. You’re a big girl… Please hold it.”

My cock was fully erect at this point. I could feel wetness in my underwear from the precum. I wanted her. I wanted to penetrate her. She was in full panic mode at this point and I couldn’t think of anything else other than her body and her bursting bladder. Should I drive slower? Should I miss our turn? All these thoughts were running through my head. If she did get to a bathroom in time, should I stop her from going in? The devil in my head really knew how to work me up.

“You can do it Charlotte.. You did it once before and you can do it again. Just hang on a little longer.” 10 minuet to go I thought to myself as I looked at the GPS. 10 minuets for her bladder to continue to fill up and reach bursting point.

“I am literally at my limit Darren! Do you understand what I am saying? I CAN’T hold it much longer! How does this happen to me twice in one day!” She was now getting short with me. I don’t blame her though. She must be in agonizing pain and I did feel sympathy for her. I know it’s her bladder that’s talking.

“I’m sorry… that was… ahhh” she winced in pain and was squeezing her legs as hard as she could “Rude of me…. It’s not your fault and I know you’re trying to help… I just really have to pee and I feel like I’m about to piss my pants…”

“Don’t worry about it. I understand.” I rested my hand back on her leg. She looked at me and gave me a sheepish and strained smile. It was so erotic feeling her tensed muscles, quivering legs and short breaths coming from her mouth. Maybe I should just tell her about my fetish. Maybe I should let her decide if I am the person she wanted to be with. She deserves to know everything so she can make an informed decision. I will have to think about this tonight but right now I am about to cum in my pants for the second time today and it’s hard for me to think let alone drive.

…… 5 minuets left…….

“PLEASE HURRY! I literally can’t hold it in! It’s about to start……. Shit fuck!!!! Please… I can’t piss myself here! I just can’t!” I don’t even know if she was talking to me at this point. Her whole body was writhing in agonizing desperation. Her full bladder at bursting point and nowhere to relieve herself. Her only option was to hold it or piss herself in my car and I know she was doing everything to avoid that.

…..2 minuets…..

We arrived at the front gate of base. There was a line of cars waiting to get in as security was checking ID’s. “NOOO!!!! This can’t…… be…… ahhh….. happening. Darren… You have to get my ID for me. If I move my hands, I am going to start pissing myself…. Please….”

I obliged “Yes of course Charlotte.” I reached over to her bag and rifled through it quickly and found her wallet she brought with. I pulled both of our ID’s out and waited for our turn.

“Oh God, oh God, oh God……. I think I peed a little. My underwear is wet. Darren… I. am. Out. Of. Time…..”

“Hang on Charlotte!!” We finally got to the front. Security looked at both of us.

“What’s wrong with her?” He asked frankly and almost concerned.

“Sir she has to pee and if you don’t let us through, she will piss herself.” He looked at our ID’s and our faces. Charlotte didn’t even look at him. Her eyes were closed shut and she was mumbling to herself. I knew she was out of her mind.

“Alright then, go ahead.” He handed us the ID’s and I just threw them in the back not worrying about putting them back in our wallets.

1 minuet……

Charlotte was whispering at this point “I can hold it, I can hold it, I can hold it.” She unbuckled her seat belt and undid the top button of her jeans. I looked over and her bladder was absolutely huge. God did I want to feel it. My body was literally shaking in arousal. If I even touched my cock I would explode and make a mess in my pants before she did.

We arrived at the dorms and I found the closest parking spot to her dorm. “Charlotte… we’re here!” I quickly ran around and opened her door. She was still mumbling to herself. “Come on! Were nearly there!”

“I can’t Darren…. If…. Fuck…. I move. I will start peeing…. I already started leaking….” She sat in my car rocking back and forth. I then reached my arm around her and the other under her legs and picked her up. Her arm wrapped around my neck and she hid her face in my shoulder. I looked down and I saw a big wet patch in her crotch. She really did start peeing herself. I was ecstatic…. And empathetic….. I walked as smooth and quickly as I could up the stairs to her room to not cause any bumps. She was whimpering in my shoulder.

We finally made it to her room. “Charlotte, I need to put you down to unlock your door. Can you hold it for a few more seconds?”

“……Yes….. I think so…… Please Darren…. Please…” I slowly set her down. She leaned against the brick wall and shoved her hands between her legs and tightly crossed them. I put the key in the door and for a quick second I didn’t want to open it. I wanted to see her lose control. This was my opportunity to witness what I’ve always wanted to see and do… make a beautiful girl pee herself…

…. I opened the door…… and led the way for Charlotte. She slowly waddled to her bathroom door. “Almost there….. almost there…. I can make it…. I can make it….” Her ass had a noticeable wet patch. She was actively slowly peeing herself. She must have when I was carrying her. She turned the door knob…..

It was locked…….

“NOOOOOOO!!!! OH GOD LET ME IN!!!” she was banging on the door. I ran over to her and heard the showing going. Her roommate was taking a shower. “What’s wrong?!?” I heard a muffled sound from behind the door.

“LET ME FUCKING PEE. FUCK!!!!”

“It will be about 10 more minutes! I will try and hurry.” Her roommate said.

“I CAN’T WAIT. YOU NEED TO OPEN THE DOOR NNOOOOOWWW YOU BITCH!!!!!”

I couldn’t take it anymore. I needed this. I walked over to her. Turned her around from the bathroom door to face me.

“What are… you … doing?”

“This….”

I wrapped my right hand around her ass and my other hand around her head and pulled her in for a kiss. I kissed her harder than any person I have ever been with. I squeezed her ass hard and I mean hard. She squeaked as I pulled her ass and forced her body into me. My hard cock rammed her right in her lower abdomen… her bursting bladder. I could hear muffled whimpering coming from her as I continued to kiss and pull her into my throbbing cock. She tried to protest but gave up and let me continue to kiss her. I was pulling so hard my arms were shaking then she froze….. She broke free from my kiss.

“No……” was all she could say. I looked down and pee was slowly running down the inside of both her legs. The crotch of her pants was glistening as she started to pee herself. The light-colored jeans were quickly turning a shade darker as the dampness spread. It then turned into a full-blown water fall. She tried to stop it and periodically she would stop for a second and then continue as the cascade ran down her legs.

I heard the hissing coming from the inside of her jeans, pooling up before running through the denim that could not contain the flood. Pee was running down to the hem of her pants and falling onto the hard floor and drowning her feet with her desperation. She sat there in shock with her hand up to her mouth as she continued peeing herself. I was amazed by the amount that was pooling up beneath her. She was pissing herself for what seemed like forever before it started to subside. Her pants were absolutely soaked. There was hardly a dry spot left on her jeans. Because her ass is so plump, the wetness spread up and soaked her entire butt.

Her roommate was still in the shower so I knew she wouldn’t have made it anyway. She was standing there frozen while she finished uncontrollably peeing her pants. I pulled her close again and she rested her head on my chest. I felt her body slowly start to slump into me as her muscles started to release the tension she was under for so long. Her face was beat red and sweat was dripping down her face an onto her shirt.

I let her go and walked over to my bag, retrieved the beach towel and placed it under her. She stepped onto it to dry the bottom of her feet while the rest of the towel started soaking up her accident. I grabbed another towel from her room, kneeled down where I was now face level with her legs and started soaking up the rest of her accident on the floor. She didn’t say anything but let me start to take care of her. She was still standing there frozen with shock when I heard the shower cut off in the bathroom. I heard her roommate exit the bathroom.

“You’re good now girl! Sorry for the wait!” I knew she had no idea what just happened to her roommate. I opened the door to the now empty bathroom and led her in with her soaking wet pants still on. I turned on the shower and checked the water to make sure it was nice and hot for her.

“Let me help Charlotte….” Was all I said. I kneeled down where I was level with the waistline of her jeans and undid the top button. She didn’t protest and let me continue as I slowly undid the zipper. I was right. She was wearing dark red panties with little flowers on them. When her zipper and button were undone, I started to peel off her soaked jeans to reveal her in her panties. I could hear and feel the tension of the wetness as I peeled off her pants from her wet skin. Her panties were completely soaked except for the waistline. I let the jeans fall to the ground and she instinctively stepped out of them. She lifted up her arms and I pulled her shirt over her head. I couldn’t help but take a second to see her in her underwear.

My penis was so hard that it hurt. It felt like it was going to explode out of my skin. Now this was the hardest I have ever been. I’ve never felt such desire for one person. Seeing her completely helpless drove my desire for her to unseen levels. I reached around her back and unclasped her bra. Charlotte let it fall to the ground next to her. I wanted to touch her now exposed breasts staring at me. Her nipples were hard and she started to breathe a little heavier as she stared into my eyes. I kneeled again to her waistline. I carefully grabbed the seam of her panties with my fingers and started to peel them off until they fell to the floor.

I was now face level with her wet and throbbing pussy. I know she could feel my hot breath against her. I looked up and her eyes were closed and her breathing became deeper. “Darren….” She whispered “I need you to wash my body for me.” I didn’t say a word as I started to undress in front of her. She looked down and saw my hard cock and gave me a slight smirk. I opened the door to the shower and she stepped in. The steaming water was hitting her head and started to take over her body. I followed suit while she was leaning on the shower wall letting the hot water soak her exposed skin.

“This one…” As she pointed to a bottle of body wash sitting on the shelf. I took it and squeezed the body wash onto my trembling hands. It had a vanilla and cinnamon fragrance that took over the air. I started at her neck slowly massaging and letting the soap drip down her chest. She leaned her head back and started to silently moan. I slowly worked my way down to between her breasts and around them making sure not to fully grab them in my hands. She reached her hands over, placed them on top of mine and directed them onto her breasts. I could feel how hard her nipples were as I started massaging them with the slippery soap letting my palms brush against her erect nipples.

I could tell she was filled with desire just like I was but I needed to finish washing her before anything else. I pinched her nipples with my fingers and started to massage them. She shuddered and winced as I did. Her knees almost buckled with arousal. I slowly and methodically worked my hands down her body making sure I felt every inch of her naked wet body. I needed to feel her. Her hands were up against the shower wall as she let my fingers brush against her skin and explore her. I was now massaging her hips and I looked down to see her lower abdomen was now back to normal. It wasn’t distended anymore from all the liquid that was in her bladder. Charlotte’s eyes remained closed as I worked my way down.

I squeezed more body wash in my hands and started at the top of her thighs. I let my fingers work in between her legs and her hips making sure to get as close as I could to her naked pussy but not touching her most sensitive spots. Charlotte was now moaning “Please Darren…. I need it….” I stood up and whispered back in her ear “Not yet…. You need to wait…”

“No…. Not anymore… I’ve been waiting too long..” she was whispering back. I knew I had complete control over what was going to happen tonight. I knew I had her right where I wanted and I think she knew it too. I think she wanted to let me decide what to do to her body and where. I continued to wash her legs all the way down to her feet. She turned around for me and braced herself against the wall with her firm ass facing towards me. I squeezed body wash all over her back and watched it drip all the way down to the top of her ass. My hands started massaging all over. I made sure to press my fingers a little harder to try and give her a semi deep massage to try and make her feel nice and relaxed.

“Darren….” She moaned. “That feels amazing… Please don’t stop.” I didn’t… I kept working my way down until I reached her ass cheeks. Feeling her firm ass against my hands was absolutely euphoric. I love the way she feels. I love the sounds she makes when I’m touching her. I love the way she is begging me to keep going. I’ve never felt this way about a woman in such a short amount of time. We were both in a separate world together. The only thing on my mind was her and her beautiful naked body. The world could be falling apart and I wouldn’t stop.

With one motion I wrapped my hands around her hips and pulled her against me with her ass pressing against my hard cock. I took my right hand around her waist and I slipped one finger in between her legs and pressed it between her lips and started massaging her clit.

“OH FUCK….. JESUS DARREN….. YYYEEESSSS.” She moaned. She pressed her but harder against my cock as I continued to massage her clit. She kept on moaning louder and louder and took one of her hands and placed it against her mouth to try and muffle her sounds.

“Please Darren….. I need you inside of me…. I need you to fill me up…..” I didn’t say anything and I took my finger and gently but firmly entered inside of her. “OHHMYGOD…. Don’t stop, don’t stop, please keep going….” As my finger was exploring inside of her, I took my other hand and worked my way up to her breasts. I squeezed her nipple hard and didn’t let go. Her breathing turned into repeated moans. I then took another finger and slid it inside of her and started to thrust her harder and harder with both my fingers. I was doing the “come hither” motion right up against her “G Spot” while the palm of my hand was pressing into her clit.

This sent her into an absolute frenzy. I was having to hold her up as she could hardly stand at this point. Her legs were trembling and I knew it was time to ger her onto the bed plus I didn’t want her roommate to hear Charlotte’s moaning.

“Charlotte

…..” I said as I whispered into her ear. “I think it’s time to get you onto the bed. You can hardly stand” I was saying this to her as I was continuing to thrust my fingers in her.

“Yes…… carry me over to the bed…. Please Darren…. Make me cum…. I need….ohhhh….. I need it so bad…”

“I didn’t realize how much of a dirty slut you are. I think we need to take care of this.” I said with a smile on my face.

“Yes I am…. I AM your dirty little slut…. I can’t…… handle…. Your fingers anymore….. its’ just…. So much… OH GOD… This feels so fucking good Darren…. So Fucking good….”

I slipped my fingers out of her. She squeaked as I did. I turned off the shower, grabbed our towels and I started to dry her off. Charlotte was leaning against the wall with her trembling legs as I started to dry her body. Her wet hair was still clinging to her shoulders and back. After I quickly dried her and myself off, I threw the towels on the ground, picked her up just like I did when she was starting to pee herself but this time she was looking directly into my eyes with pure lust and desire.

I laid her down onto the bed, hopped on top of her and gave her oral until she screamed with pleasure. She screamed so loud I think the whole base heard her. Right after she ordered me onto my back and smiled as she was staring at my massive hard on. Charlotte then proceeded to give me the best blow job I have ever had. The only thing I could think about was all the events that transpired today.

We were staring at each other for a while our naked bodies were intertwined with one another.

“Darren.. that was the most amazing orgasm I have ever had. No one…. And I mean no one has ever made me orgasm through oral before. I needed that more than you know. I honestly wanted jump on top of you at the beach while you were sleeping but I figured I should wait just in case you didn’t want it.”

“Well for starters, I wouldn’t have protested if I woke up with you on top of me. And secondly, that was the best blow job I have ever had….ever. You are the first person to finish me all the way to the end. It was amazing. Thank you. God I wanted you so bad Charlotte. I still want you…”

We ended up getting some clothes on. She was wearing a pair of grey panties and a white T shirt that was slightly see through and I put on boxers and a pair of shorts. We laid back in bed wrapped around each other and we slowly drifted off to sleep. As I was falling asleep, I was thinking about what this could turn into and how I could see myself with the woman for a very long time. I just wish I had the courage to let her know how I felt about her when she was bursting to pee, to tell her about all of my deepest secrets and desires. I guess only time will tell where this will lead to……

*006*2025-01-28 16:30

I just wanted to say thank you all for the amazing replies. You are all so awesome! I had no idea this story would do so well and I am very glad you enjoyed the story. I am writing another chapter right now and will be out soon when I have some time. The story is definitely going to be picking up from here on out.

*010*2025-02-05 08:05

Sorry for the delay everyone but I finally got the next chapter done! Let me know how you all like it and if I should keep going with this story. You all have definitely gave me inspiration with all of your reactions and replies. Thank you all so very much!

###

Prologue

Was this really happening? Is my girlfriend really about to let me do this to her? I never imagined in my life to be sharing…… and experiencing one of the greatest fantasies I could ever dream of at the expense of my beautiful girl… How could I ever repay her…..

Darren and Charlotte

Chapter 2 (Movie Night)

The days and weeks following our first date (if you want to call it that) were the best days of my life. We were hanging out every day and I could not get enough of her. Unfortunately, I did not work up the courage to tell her about my fetish. I wanted to soo bad. I wanted to tell her that the first day we hung out was the hottest thing I have ever seen and done. Charlotte was the first person I have ever seen completely pee themselves and I could not stop thinking about it. I wanted her to know everything. It’s just excruciatingly hard to tell the first person your deepest secret when you’ve been hiding it for essentially…. Forever.

We ended up officially dating. I felt so lucky to call her my girlfriend. We did absolutely everything together. Eventually, we were allowed to live off base if we wanted to, so Charlotte and I decided to rent a house together. During this time there really was not anything eventful in regards to her having to pee desperately bad aside from one occasion when we were moving our stuff into our house and she forgot to use the bathroom when we left to get another load. She ended up making it in time (Unfortunately) but just barely. So instead, I focused on our relationship and tried to push those thoughts in the back of my mind for now. I was, however, planning on telling her relatively soon since we just moved in together. I know I should have done it sooner but again… I couldn’t work up the courage.

We were just a happy young couple trying to figure out life. Our sex life was amazing. We were like a couple of bunny rabbits going at it every day, multiple times a day. I thought I was seriously dried out. My balls hurt every day from the amount of sex we were having and Charlotte loved knowing she had that effect on me. So here we were… living together, getting to know each other on a much deeper level and having lots of sex. That about sums up our lives together at this point. Everything changed though and took a rather different turn one day that would change my life forever yet again and I was completely caught off guard…

After a few months of living together we were hanging out one evening at home after work watching a movie.

“Darren...?” She said. “I am curious about something. I know we have a lot of sex and our sex life is amazing but…. I just want to know.” She was smiling at me like she always did when she had naughty thoughts.

“Ummm… OK. What would you like to know?” We both faced each other on the couch. She was wearing short pink athletic shorts and a baggy white T shirt. I was genuinely curious and I had no idea what she was about to ask.

“Well, we’ve been dating for a while now and really haven’t talked about it.… You haven’t really mentioned anything in particular.”

I gave her a puzzled look. “What do you mean I haven’t mentioned anything? I have no clue what you are talking about.” I was nervously laughing.

“Ok soooo do you remember our first day together and how I mentioned every guy has a kink? Even nervous guys like you? Well, you never told me anything you like except for different sex positions and outfits you like to see me in. Don’t get me wrong, I like that you like to see me in that way…. I just feel there is something more to you that you’re not telling me and I can’t quite put my finger on it.”

Holy shit… I knew she was onto something. She is beating me to the punch. I knew she sensed something else. I am surprised though, She didn’t catch on when I pulled her into me on our first day together and rammed my hard cock into her bladder and forced her to piss her jeans. She was probably in so much shock she didn’t even notice.

“I mean… You pretty much know everything Charlotte. We’ve tried a lot of stuff together and I always tell you if I like it or not.”

“Yea, I know you do but I just feel…. There is something missing. Like you’re afraid to tell me.” She put her hand on my leg “Look… if there is something you like I would love to know. You don’t have to be nervous with me Darren. I promise your secret is safe with me and I won’t judge you for it.”

I was in absolute shock. My face felt so hot and I knew it was bright red. My heart was pounding out my chest, my mouth went dry and my armpits were sweating profusely.

“Umm… I don’t know what to say Charlotte… I mean…. Well….. there is something… But I’ve never told anyone before and it’s kinda weird.” Am I honestly about to tell this girl about my darkest fantasies? What if she rejects me? What if she tells her friends? I Couldn’t live with the embarrassment.

“I knew there was something more to you!!” Her face had a big smile and her mouth was open. “Darren…. It’s ok to tell me. I PROMISE I won’t judge you. You are the sweetest guy I’ve ever met and I know this won’t change anything.” I knew she was dying to know what it is. I was speechless right now.

“Look Charlotte… I have never spoken of this to anyone and I am always in constant conflict with how I feel about this…” My face was beat red. Her hand was rubbing my thigh trying to give me reassurance that I can be open and honest with her.

“You can tell me Darren. Trust me. Plus, I am really curious to know another side of you and I would be honored if I was the first person you told. You can finally let it out in the open.” Her smile faded and turned into a sympathetic look.

“OK…. I do have a small….. kink… or fetish if you want to call it that.”

“A fetish?... Ok… now you really do have my curiosity up. Now I need to know.” She started smiling again.

“Yes… Soo you actually fulfilled one of my fantasies on our first day together without you realizing it. And I’m sorry in advance because….well…. I kind of had a part to play in it happening.”

“Wait what? I already did it for you on our first day? What do you mean? Now you got me confused… I’m trying to think of anything I did…” She was looking up to the ceiling with her hand on her chin. “The only thing that was different… I mean the whole day was unexpected… but the only thing that was unusual was the fact that I had to pee really bad and I had an accident outside my dorm room door.”

“Yes… you are on the right track.” I was nervously looking down.

“Soo does me peeing my pants have anything to do with it?” She really was trying to figure it out. I could tell she was trying to solve a puzzle. I just need to tell her. Get it over with and see what happens.

“Ummm yea.. you could say that… Ok Charlotte.. I’m going to tell you and I won’t hold any judgement from you and if you decide to leave……..”

She put her hand to my mouth “I’m not going to leave you. I’m glad you are opening up to me. I WANT you to open up to me. Now… you can tell me but you have to promise you won’t talk about me leaving or judging you anymore.”

“Ok.. deal. Alright…. So ever since I was a teenager….” I took a deep breath. Here we go. “I’ve enjoyed it when attractive women have to pee really bad. It turns me on to see them struggle. It especially turns me on when they don’t make it to the bathroom on time. I don’t know why it turns me on so much but it does.”

Her face lit up like a Christmas tree. Her mouth dropped and she had the biggest surprised grin on her face. “Wait so you’re telling me you were getting off to me when I was bursting for the bathroom both to and from the beach?”

“Yes…. Very much so.”

“Wow… Darren… I would never have guessed.. I’m not going to lie, it is a little different but it’s really not that crazy of a kink. There are MUCH crazier ones out there… trust me.” She was still rubbing my leg. “I honestly feel a little bad. I didn’t know you were in your own world when I was trying not to pee myself. I was so worried about not peeing in your car that I didn’t notice the hints.”

“Charlotte, thank you for letting me open up to you. And yes… I was extremely turned on by you and it was really hard for me to contain myself and act normal.”

“Hey.. It’s ok. You are allowed to be turned on by that. I’m glad I can make you feel that way. It’s actually kinda sexy that you can get so turned on by me just simply holding my pee. It definitely gives me ideas…. You know… for the future.” She gave me mischievous smile. “I will admit that what you did to me in the shower and the bed was the best anyone has made me feel ever….. It felt absolutely amazing Darren… And I’m not just saying that to make you feel better.”

“Soo you’re ok with this? Are you sure? I don’t ever want to force you to do something you’re not comfortable with despite how much I want it.” I was so relieved but still nervous. I also started to get an erection just by talking to her about this.

“Darren… Of course I’m OK with it. You’re not forcing me to do anything I PROMISE. If I do, I promise I will tell you ok? I just need to know one thing…”

“Sure, What would you like to know?”

“You said you had a hand to play in what happened to me? What did you mean by that?”

Oh shit. Here we go. I hope she isn’t too upset about the truth… “Well…. I…. uhh…. Kinda got the drinks at the gas station on purpose. I saw you shifting around at the diner and at our dorm rooms so I purposefully didn’t mention the bathroom and suggested you to drink more on our way down.”

“WOW!! You dirty dog!!” She hit my arm. “Yea.. I never would have guessed but it does make sense thinking back on it. All the hints were there telling me. Yes, I did have to pee at the diner and I’m not sure why I didn’t just go. I guess its because I didn’t want to ruin the day but in reality I was giving you the time of your life! Haha.” She was laughing which gave me a bit of relief. “Well… I’m glad you got some enjoyment out of it. I really was bursting though. I’ve never had to pee that bad in my life. I bet you loved it when I was peeing myself in front of the bathroom door!”

“Yes I was. I almost came in my pants watching you.” I gestured towards my now erect penis.

“Wow… Is that why you pulled me in close and kissed me? I distinctly remember your hard cock ramming into my bladder. Was that on purpose too?” She reached over and gently pushed on my penis.

“Yes it was. I am sorry though… I couldn’t help myself. I knew you weren’t going to make it and I needed you so bad in that moment. I wanted to make you pee your jeans. It was just so…. Sexy watching you. It was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen.”

“Ehh don’t be sorry.” She shrugged her shoulders “You’re right, I was not going to make it anyway. I was already slowly leaking in my pants when you kissed me and what you did just made the inevitable happen quicker. It felt good to finally let it go anyway. I was so worried about pissing myself that I didn’t question why your penis was so hard. I should have known!!” She slapped her forehead. “So, I am curious. What about women holding their pee turns you on so much?”

“Umm…. I really don’t know to be honest with you. It just turns me on, I guess… I started feeling this way when I hit puberty and it really never left. You could say seeing you vulnerable and not being able to do anything about it plays a factor. Seeing you get more and more uncomfortable when you don’t have a choice is really sexy and ending up losing complete control over the situation just sends me over the edge. I really like seeing the panic and the struggle set in over time and continuously get worse and worse until you can’t control it anymore. I really do feel bad for feeling this way. I shouldn’t get enjoyment out of someone else’s discomfort but it’s not something I can control or turn off when I want.”

“Hey.. You are allowed to be turned on by this. I really don’t mind Darren, I promise. And I promise not to tell anyone else. This will be between you and me. Our little secret. Now I can tease you whenever I want when I want and there is nothing you can do about it!”

“You are so naughty.. you know that Charlotte?”

“Not as naughty as watching women hold their pee until they pee themselves Darren.”

We both started laughing and we ended up hugging each other. I thanked her over and over again for accepting my weird kink. We started making out and my hands were groping her breasts. I was almost as hard as I was the first day we met.

I was laying on top of her on the couch “Soo Darren… All I have to do is drink a bunch of water to turn you on like this.” She was squeezing my penis through my jeans. “How easy. This gives me so many ideas. I want to see you like you were on our first day… What do I need to do to get that to happen again? Drink all this water?” She grabbed her 42oz water bottle and was shaking it in front of me.

“Well that would definitely be a good start! Are you sure you want to see that side of me again? A different person came out of me and I want to warn you in advance.”

“Yes I do. I want to experience what you’re capable of… I kind of like to be… well…. Ravaged as you know already…” She said to me with a little shyness in her voice. “How about this…. What if we planned something this weekend? I want you to do whatever you want to me. You can choose what I wear and everything. I want to be surprised and not know what you’re planning. And yes…. I’m ok with anything…..”

“Holy shit… are you sure Charlotte? ANYTHING?” My mind was racing… So many ideas… so many opportunities…

“Yes Darren…. Anything.” She whispered into my ear and then proceeded to give me a hard kiss. She then got up, walked to the bathroom, and left the door open for the first time. “I guess its safe to assume that my bathroom access won’t be as accessible to me this weekend?” She said as the pulled her shorts down and sat on the toilet. She started peeing while watching me. “Does it bother you that I made it to the bathroom on time?”

“I have no words for you right now Charlotte. You are playing a dangerous game…” my heart was beating so fast. Her finally knowing my secret is definitely giving me so many emotions. She got up and flushed the toilet.

“I guess I better cherish my bathroom access for the rest of the week. I will have to see just how dangerous you really are… I am bursting with excitement.” Jesus, she really is trying to get me worked up.

She came back to me sitting on the couch and straddled me. “Is it bad that I like to tease you like this?” she was whispering in my ear again and it sent shivers down my spine. My hands were all over her and her breathing became heavy.

“Charlotte…. I want you to know that I don’t know what I’m going to do to you on Saturday yet, but one thing is for certain.. You are going to piss yourself like you did on our first day and I hope you are ready because you will be struggling all day long.” My other side of me was starting to rear his head.

Her eyes were closed as I was fondling her breasts. She always loves it when I grope her. It gets her in the mood almost instantly. “Well…. I guess I will just have to hold it then. I will hold it as long as I want. You’re going to cum in your pants before I even think about peeing myself. We will see who holds out longer…”I then lifted her up while she was still sitting on me and carried her to the bedroom. Lets just say we had a long night of fun and games… I couldn’t wait for Saturday. I was already working up a plan for her and yes, she is going to be struggling a LOT but after everything is all said and done, I will make sure she feels every inch of me and how it truly makes me feel.

The next couple of days were pure torture. There is nothing I could focus on other than Charlotte. To add to it, she kept teasing me about it and getting me worked up more and more every day. When we would watch a movie, she would make sure to drink a lot and hold it throughout the entire movie. Then she would get up to use the bathroom and let me hear how bad she had to pee.

“Holy crap Darren… I really had to go! Good thing this bathroom is here for me to use. I don’t know what I would have done if someone stopped me… I’m just glad I have a boyfriend who cares about me making it in time… if not… who knows what could happen.” This is all she would do all week long just teasing me. I was half tempted to hold her down and force her to hold it but I wanted to save it for the big show. I was letting her get me worked up so she knows exactly what she signed up for. I wanted her… I wanted to punish her….

She would also text me pictures while she was at work of her chugging water and pictures of herself doing the pee dance. I kept telling her every time she does stuff like that makes it worse for her this weekend. All she would say in response was “Good…. Maybe I need a punishment to put me back in my place!”

Friday came around and I had all my plans ready. I needed some ‘tools’ to execute it properly so I went down to the local hardware store on my way home from work to pick everything up. I would get home before her so I was able to set up my plans perfectly. I won’t spoil the surprise for you all reading so you will have to see what happens just like Charlotte is going to find out on Saturday and possible Sunday if my needs are not satiated enough.

Charlotte came home from work and we greeted each other like normal. A kiss on the lips, a slap on the ass and a hug. We decided we wanted to go out for a movie tonight since its Friday. She got dressed in one of her famous pair of tight black yoga pants with a pair of light pink cotton panties with little hearts on them. I didn’t tell her that when she bends over, her panties show a little through the yoga pants. Maybe she did it on purpose.. I don’t know but I liked it. Her top was a matching low cut pink V-neck shirt and of course a pink bra. She was just full of pink today!

“Ready to go Charlotte?” I asked as she was pulling the shirt over her head. I was obviously staring at her breasts in her pink pushup bra.

“As soon as you stop staring at me you can put on your shoes and then we will be ready!” She sarcastically replied with a grin on her face.

“Sorry but I can’t help it… I NEED to look at you.. You’re just too beautiful to pass on that opportunity.”

“You know Darren… You’re such a perv. But I like it.”

“I will enter a guilty plea on that charge.” God my jokes are horrible. I will not be winning any comedy shows anytime soon.

“Whatever you say… perv…. Anyways lets go before we miss the movie.”

We made our way to the movies, got our tickets, and waited in line to get popcorn. Charlotte turned to me. “Hey… Can we get separate drinks? I hate sharing with you every time and maybe I want something different than you.” She was obviously smiling at me and giving me a VERY mischievous look. I knew what she was doing but I couldn’t call her out with all these people around.

“Of course you can babe! I will make sure to get us extra large sodas so we don’t have to get up during the movie and if you happen to drink it all… which by the way…. I expect you will… I will be kind enough to refill it for you!”

“Thanks Darren… I’m so glad you are my kind and gentle boyfriend who always looks out for me!” she then hugged me tight and let my hard cock press right into her belly like it did on our first day. She knew EXACTLY what she was doing. We then made our way up, got our drinks and found our seats in the theater. Since this was a Disney movie she wanted to see and it was PACKED. And our seats were in the middle towards the back. I’m just glad she brought a blanket with us because I can’t let anyone see what is going on in my pants.

This movie theater had the reclinable seats with the middle arm rest that can be lifted to make it a ‘sofa’ style seat. We obviously lifted the arm rest and cuddled up next to each other under the blanket. She immediately grabbed her extra large soda, proceeded to stare right into my eyes and chug it through her straw. During this, she reached her other hand under the blanket and started stroking my cock through my jeans.

“Be careful Charlotte.” I said as I was trying to not make it obvious she was stroking my hard cock under our blanket.

“Why do I need to be careful? I’m just sooo thirsty! I can’t help it. I actually might need another refill before the movie even starts. You might have to get up soon and get it for me. Good thing you shouldn’t have any ‘problems’ doing that for me.” She said this as she squeezed my cock hard knowing I would be walking past people with a major hard on.

I whispered in her ear. “You know… tomorrow is a big day for both of us and I just want to warn you about teasing me the day before. We don’t want ‘two’ accidents now do we? You don’t want to embarrass yourself here in the movie.” I reached my hand under the blanket and pressed against her between her legs. I could feel the heat emanating from her. She took a deep breath in and closed her eyes.

She whispered back in my ear as I was pressing my fingers against her through her yoga pants. “If…ahh… I’m going to be uncomfortable… Maybe I want you to be a little uncomfortable too. Now… take my empty cup… get the fuck up… and refill it… I want to see how you handle yourself in a crowd of people.”

I could feel the wetness damp her pants just a little and I know it wasn’t from pee. I pressed my hand hard against her. She squeaked a little “Ohgod.” She said as another couple looked at us with a concerning look.

“Don’t worry.. I will get you ALL the drinks you could ask for. Just try not to distract the other guests, ok? They are here to enjoy the movie and not listen to a random woman moaning in the crowd.” I then proceeded to adjust my hard on to make it less noticeable and got up to get her refill. Once I returned she looked at me with a beaming smile.

“Thank you Darren, you are too kind.” She said playfully.

“It was my utmost pleasure, Charlotte. You never ever have to worry about asking me to get you refills for anything.” She then nestled back into my shoulder and rested her hand right on the inside of my thigh but made sure not to touch my hard on. She took her other hand and picked up the drink and started chugging again.

She leaned over to me a little closer “Hey… what if I told you I already have to pee a little… all this soda is racing through me and filling my tiny little bladder. I sure don’t want to miss any important parts of the movie.” My cock jumped back up at attention again. “I guess I will just have to hold it the entire movie and hope the bathrooms don’t have a long line when were done.”

“Charlotte… you are so bad you know that? You know you don’t have to do this for me tonight. I have big….. plans….. for tomorrow.”

“I know I don’t have to do this… but I want to… I want to see you squirming just like I’m going to be in about an hour. Plus I am very excited and a little nervous for tomorrow and it makes me unbelievably horny to see you like this. It’s just so easy with you and it makes it so much more fun.”

“Well, I am not complaining in the least bit. I just want you to know that I am very attracted to you Charlotte… and to be honest… I am so turned on right now. Thank you for doing this for me. I can’t wait until you are bursting in those yoga pants…”

“You’re welcome… I really don’t mind. Just know I’m going to be really bursting soon. I can already feel my bladder filling up. Look at my tummy.. I’ve never drank so much soda at once!” I looked down and sure enough she was telling the truth. Her tummy was very bloated and I couldn’t help but imagine all that soda in her bladder ready to burst out of those pants and down her legs.

The movie finally started and I really couldn’t focus on anything else but Charlotte. She kept sipping her soda, her hand was right next to my throbbing penis, and I kept my hand in between her legs waiting to feel her start to shift in her seat. She was enjoying the movie and I was glad she was still having a good time despite my weird turn ons.

About 45 minutes into the movie, I felt her legs squeeze my hand. I knew her desperation has finally started. She looked at me..

“Darren…” She whispered. “I’m starting to have to pee really bad…”

“I know….” I whispered back “I feel your leg squeezing my hand and your left leg is shaking. You better not get up and keep holding. You’re not allowed to pee yet.” I took my fingers and started rubbing her between her legs. She quickly rammed her legs together.

“Darren….. Stop… it’s making it worse….”

“But does it feel good for me to do that?” As I kept pressing my fingers against her.

“Yes it does… I just have to pee… if you make me cum I’m going to piss in this seat….” She was now fidgeting hard. Her hand was over my hand but she didn’t pull my hand away from rubbing her.

“Well I guess you will just have to manage somehow.” My finger found her clit through her pants and I pressed really hard and started to massage it. I knew her desperation was reaching high levels.

“HolyfuckDarren.” She said like it was one word. She tried to keep whispering but I knew it was getting hard for her. “You can’t surprise me like that…. Not right now… Oh God.. I have to pee…” her eyes were closed and her breathing was labored.

“If you keep your eyes closed, you’re going to miss the movie. You’re not going to know what’s happening baby.” I could feel the pre cum in my pants. She reached over and grabbed my dick so hard I almost jumped out of my seat.

“I can’t hold it much longer.. I’m either going to piss myself before the movie ends or were going to have to take this somewhere else. Just know…. If you keep rubbing me like that trying to make me piss my pants, I’m going to make you cum where you sit in your pants mister!” Her legs were jammed together and I could feel her leg muscles contracting in cycles against my hand. Charlottes hand was squeezing my hard dick like it was a stress ball and it was almost sending me over the edge.

“I know you can’t hold it much longer… that’s the point you little slut. You better keep holding or you’re going to be punished even more than you already are tomorrow.” I was in pure bliss…. God this woman is so fucking sexy. The way she looks when she is about to pee herself is so hot.

“I’m trying to hold it…. Darren… I have to pee… this is serious.. I don’t even know if I can make it out of the theater without losing control..” I moved my hand out from in between her legs and she quickly replaced mine with both of her hands. She was rocking back and forth at this point and I just wanted to do one more thing to her before we got up and left.

“Charlotte… I was going to force you to piss yourself in our seat but I’ve decided to go easy on you… but… I need you to do one more thing before we get up and leave.”

“Ok….” She said from under her breath. Her eyes were still closed shut, she was leaning on me and her legs were now crossed. “Please… I’m about to……fuck….. pee any second… what do you want me to do?”

“I know you said you were going to drink as much as you can because of how ‘thirsty’ you were…. But before we get up I need you to finish your drink….. all of it…” Her eyes bulged out of her head as she looked at me.

“Are you….serious? I don’t think I can…. Oh God…. Its about to….. shit…..” I could feel her legs quivering. It was the same as when we were in the car. I knew she couldn’t hold it much longer.

“I am one hundred percent serious… Finish it..” I picked up her drink and handed it to her. She gave me the most panicked shocked face I’ve ever seen and took it from me staring at the straw poking out of the cup.

“Darren.. I will try.. but I don’t think I can…” She put her lips to the straw and started drinking it as fast as she could. I could hear the muffled breaths coming from her mouth in between gulps. Her other hand was still jammed between her legs. Without her realizing I reached my hand from under the blanket and rested it right on top of her now distended bladder and pressed down.

She immediately winced “Ahh! No…. Darren… I can’t” She stopped drinking and immediately froze. Her eyes were wide and her body was still. I pulled her hand away from her crotch and replaced it with mine. Her pants were wet. She leaked….

“Darren… please… I just leaked… If you do it again….” I used the palm of my hand and pressed against her bladder again. “Oh shit… oh shit… oh shit… I’m leaking Darren… I can’t hold it….” I felt a spurt on my hand. She was losing control and now it’s time to get her out of here.

“Follow me.. quick.” I pulled her up out of the seat. Her one hand was jammed in her crotch and her other was holding mine. She was hunched over and we quickly ran (well she was hobbling) out of the theater in front of everyone while they stared at us with confused looks on their faces. We finally got out of the theater.

“Darren…. I can’t hold it… I need to pee NOW.” I looked down and a small trickle was snaking its way down the inside of her left thigh. I looked around and found the closest side exit. Thankfully the theater was empty right now.

“Over here!” And led her through the exit and outside. Once outside it was pitch black and the only light was a little way down the theater service road that dimly lit us up. She leaned against the side of the building with her legs together. She was hopping up and down and contorting in every way imaginable to stop the impending flood. Now she could talk without whispering.

“DARREN…. DARREN….DARREN…. OH GOD…. AHH….FUCKICANTHOLDIT!!!” Her face was red. I was watching in amazement as she was still leaking in her tight yoga pants trying anything to hold on. She was about to pull her pants down.

“No…” I said as pulled her arms away. I took my hand and sunk my fingers in between her legs again and felt the wetness of her pants. I started rubbing her clit through her soaked crotch.

“Darren! PLEASE…. I’M GOING TO PEE ON YOUR HAND!!!…” As I was rubbing her, I felt her starting to rhythmically move her hips into my fingers. She was enjoying it! Holy shit.. I’m going to make her orgasm like this! I kept rubbing and rubbing and she started to moan in pleasure.

Then I did it…. I slowly took my other hand and rested it right on top of her bladder as I was rubbing her. “Darren… NO! DON’T!!” I was slowly moving my hand around her bladder. I felt how tight it was in her yoga pants. It felt amazing and the waistline of her pants were clearly distended. I took my hand and I gently pushed down. “AHH! SHIT!” I felt a spurt on my hand that was rubbing her. I did it again. I pressed even harder this time. She froze.

“Darren… it’s…. FUCK….. It’s happening… I’m starting to pi……” Then I felt a small trickle against my hand. She went silent as the trickle became a stream. She stopped for a second to try and regain control and I pressed against her bladder for the third time. Then the floodgates opened. She literally could not control it anymore and a waterfall was pouring down her legs. I heard and felt the hissing due to the force of how hard she was peeing. My hand was getting soaked from her accident. Her legs were getting drenched and the concrete around us was completely saturated. I kept rubbing her as she continued peeing.

“Darren… OH GOD… I’M peeing on you!! Don’t you stop FUCKING rubbing!! Holy shit… I’m GOING TO CUM!!” Her hips were aggressively grinding against my fingers, her legs were shaking. She was moaning. I kept grinding my fingers against her and then I felt a jolt… she was starting to orgasm as she continued uncontrollably peeing.

“DARREN… YES ITS HAPPENING… ITS HAPPENING… OH GOD THIS FEELS AMAZING.. PLEASE DON’T STOP!! OH GOD DON’T STOP.” She was moaning loud and I could feel her orgasm against my hand. I continued rubbing as her peeing started to slow down and her grinding came to a halt. Her legs were completely drenched and she looked down to see the mess she made. There was a huge puddle on the ground and her legs and crotch were glistening with all the pee running down them. Her shoes were soaked as she was standing in her puddle. She slumped against the wall and breathed a sigh of relief.

“Holy shit Darren… I’ve never felt that before. I literally had no control over my bladder or my orgasm at the same time…. You pressing on my bladder and rubbing me at the same time was the most intense feeling I’ve ever had..” She looked down and saw my massive hard on through my pants. “I guess we will have to take care of that now. Lets get back to the car you dirty man.”

We raced back to the car, thankfully we were far away where no other cars were. Charlotte opened the back door and pushed my onto my back on the passenger seats. She took off her shoes and socks and climbed on top of me with her wet pants still on. “Is this what you like? To see your woman in soaking wet pants?” Her eyes were staring right into me.

“Yes…”

“You love it when I can’t hold it and make a mess don’t you..”

“Yes… I love it more than you know..”

She unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down to expose my throbbing cock.

“Look at you. Look at how hard you are.” She then proceeded to grind her wet crotch against my throbbing penis. It was almost unbearable. I wanted and needed her so bad. Feeling her wetness was pure ecstasy.

“I need you Charlotte… I need you….” She had an evil grin on her face knowing I was the one at her mercy. She continued to lightly grind against me knowing it was sending me over the edge.

“What if I kept you like this until tomorrow.. What if I denied you you’re release like you did to me?”

“No.. please… I need it so bad… I need you so bad right now..” I was trying to thrust myself against her and she was lifting herself up to deny me my satisfaction. I was so unbelievably turned on. She then lifted herself up and pulled her pants down and threw them to the side. Her pink panties were soaked and a shade darker. They were clinging to her and gave a clear view of her camel toe. She rested her wet crotch back on my exposed penis.

“Do you like that Darren? How do my wet panties feel against you? How does it feel knowing you caused all of this? How does it feel knowing I completely wet myself because you wouldn’t let me pull my pants down and literally pressed on my bladder to force me to piss and soak my panties?”

“Oh my god Charlotte…. I love it… I love it so much. I want to do this to you every day forever… I love it when you are soaking wet. I love seeing you panic. I love denying you the bathroom until you can’t hold it… Please… I have never been this turned on… I am on the edge of exploding all over your wet panties…” I could feel my cum right on the brink. It was sending shockwaves through me. My entire penis was wet because she wouldn’t stop grinding her wet panties against me.

“Who said you are allowed to cum yet? My little pervert needs to wait just like you forced me to wait.” She then rested all her wait against my penis. God I wanted to be inside of her. I wanted her to feel how hard this is making me.

“Maybe you should wait… Maybe I should keep you horny. What would you do if I did? Maybe I want to see what my man is capable of when he is denied his needs. I think you should be denied your orgasm until tomorrow.”

Oh shit… is she really going to deny me my orgasm until tomorrow? This has never happened to me before. I literally have the most beautiful woman in the world sitting on top of me with her wet panties from the accident I forced her to have against my exposed penis. She has been teasing me all week long and now she is denying me?

“Charlotte… I want to warn you… if you denied me tonight… there would be no mercy tomorrow. I’ve never wanted you or anyone else this bad before. My cock hurts its so hard right now.” The crotch of her wet panties was warm with her arousal and my hard penis against it. It made it even harder to let her get away with this.

She leaned in close right next to my ear and whispered “It’s only fair Darren. You let me piss myself on our first day and you forced me to piss myself tonight. I need to return the favor. What if I told you this was my plan tonight? Maybe.. Just maybe.. I want you to struggle too sometimes but in a different way. You know I need to be ravaged and this is going to get me what I want in the end. Now were going to get up, get dressed and you’re going to take us home and you’re going to deal with that hard cock all night long, ok?” She got up and gave my penis one final squeeze.

“Ok…” I said “Just know… this is not going to be unpunished…” She took the blanket and set it down on the passenger seat and climbed to the front and sat on it with her wet panties.

She looked over to me as I was pulling my pants back on “Trust me… I know. I want you to punish me… but for now you’re the one being punished.”

My balls were literally aching. Is this what blue balls feels like? I don’t know but all I do know is that I’ve never looked at a woman with this much aggressive desire before. I made my way to the driver’s seat. Seeing her sitting in her wet panties in my car was so unbelievably hot and sexy. I literally can’t wait for tomorrow.

I could hardly focus on driving with such a sexy, half naked and wet woman next to me. Her hand was rubbing my thigh as we drove home and it was driving me insane. When we finally made it home, I expected her to put on her pants before exiting the car but to my surprise she got out of the car in just her panties and shirt on and made her way to the front door. It was pitch black outside so I don’t think anyone saw us. All I could look at was her pink wet panties clinging to her ass as she walked in front of me.

Once inside she turned around and looked at me with a seductive smile “I guess I better go shower and clean myself up before bed.” She took off her shirt so she was just standing there exposed in her underwear and slowly walked to the bathroom looking back at me with a smile on her face. I continued to follow her like a puppy dog and when I made it to the bathroom she was slowly peeling off her wet panties. She let them drop to the floor along with her bra and stepped into the hot shower.

“I don’t think I want to allow you to join me mister. It would be too much temptation so you go ahead and get ready for bed and wait for me.” I wanted to touch her so fucking bad. The arousal I had was almost too painful to bear. I made my way to the bedroom and got into bed with my usual pair of shorts. I was so hard it was lifting up our comforter. It took everything I had not to touch myself. If I did, I would have exploded in my shorts.

She finally finished showering and came back to the bedroom with a towel wrapped around her. She went over to her dresser and put on light blue designer lace panties with a tight white tank top that really hugged her breasts. I waited for her to join me in bed.

Once she hopped in bed with me, she rolled away from facing me “I want you to cuddle me Darren.” I didn’t object and scooted right up against her. My still hard cock was pressing against her ass and my arms wrapped around her. She pressed her ass harder against my cock knowing the effect it would have on me. I grabbed her hips and pulled her harder against me

“Ah, Ah, Ah, Darren. Don’t get too touchy. We know where that leads to. You are going to sleep with that hard cock and you’re going to deal with it.”

My whole body was shaking with arousal and anticipation for what I was going to do to her tomorrow. “Ok… I will listen to you but only because I know what’s going to happen tomorrow.”

“Good, I can’t wait to see what you have in store for me. That hard cock of yours better be ready for me tomorrow because I am going to need it. I bet I’m going to be filled up in a couple different ways.”

“I can’t wait.” That’s all I said with a big grin on my face. After a few minutes I started drifting off to sleep. I couldn’t believe I could fall asleep being so horny and filled with desire but I soon felt my eyes closing. I could hear Charlottes breathing becoming heavy and she soon drifted to sleep as well.

I made sure to set my alarm a little earlier to make sure all my plans were set in place. I carefully thought of what I wanted to do and I don’t know if anything was going to change based off of what she did to me today but I was going to make sure she thought so. I probably will be a little more ‘aggressive’ due to how aroused I was and how I want to make sure she is punished to my liking. But for now, I will let her sleep and rest. I just hope that she understands all her peeing rights as of tonight are officially revoked because tomorrow… she will have to earn it…

