Abbie Cole v Bella Smith (A-Level Results Party)

Author: MiraOMO

*000*2022-09-02 15:12

Hi all, back for another long story (over 5K words). I hope everyone enjoys it :-)

ABBIE COLE v BELLA SMTH (A-Level Results Party)

The ping-pong ball was in the hands of Abbie Cole - the IT girl. The combination of being one of the most attractive girls in school, and one of the smartest made it difficult for anyone else to reach her level. She took a deep breath and flicked her wrist, aiming for the single red cup that sat at the other end of the table. What felt like slow motion to everyone playing was actually just a fraction of second, as the ball bounced off the rim before making a ‘plop’ sound and entering the liquid in the cup. There was a big cheer and Abbie turned sideways to hug her best friend, Nicole. The two of them squealed and jumped up and down, they’d done it in a sudden death shoutout, only one cup left for each team and they’d won - amazing. Better news still was that it was against two of Abbie’s school rivals, Bella Smith and Jessica Wright.

“Guess we’ll always just be better…” Abbie sarcastically fired across towards Bella and Jessica.

“Whatever!!” Jessica shouted back, tuning her body, marching away from the table.

Seeing that Bella and Jessica had vacated the table, Abbie turned to Nicole. “Okay babe…I really need to go now.” Abbie protested. “Please…?”

“You go…?” Nicole replied, not paying any attention to Abbie’s question.

“…what…you not coming?” Abbie asked, they aways did everything together - especially going to the toilet. Whether it was in a club or a bar, they’d always hold hands and make sure the other was safe, evidently not tonight.

“…later…” Abbie heard Nicole’s voice trail off. She had been mobbed by some of her friends and quickly disappeared into the crowd.

Abbie gathered her composure and looked towards the door. Ellen’s house was massive, some called it a mansion, others called it an estate, and tonight was a-level results night - the biggest party of the year. Abbie had heard the rumours that the house had secret passages and secret rooms, in fact she’d overheard Ellen on the phone when she arrived talking about a secret bathroom. ‘Through the bedroom on the third-floor and push the closet with the flowers on’. Abbie thought about how she might be needing a secret bathroom at this rate; her first step though was to navigate the kitchen. She’d come in through the sliding doors at the back, and the place was now heaving with people.

Abbie’s body started to feel weak as she stumbled out of the kitchen and across to the main staircase, definitely a mixture of the alcohol and her desperation. She’d bumped into about six or seven people, most wanting to chat and ask how her results went, but she was so fixated on getting to the bathroom she hadn’t really paid them much attention, just replying with the odd word. The boys were who she wanted to avoid the most, dressed in tight grey jeans with a tubed black crop trop, showing off her petite figure; nothing would be worse than trying to flirt whilst crossing her legs with only one thing on her mind.

The marble staircase, situated at the front of the house, provided no respite for Abbie; as with every step her mind thought about how much she needed to go. Her friend group had only been at the party for an hour but Abbie hadn’t yet broken her seal, that constituted of nearly three hours of pre-drinking at Nicole’s. Abbie couldn’t work out the exact amount, but four gin & tonics and a multitude of vodka shots was the liquid sloshing around her bladder, trying to force its way out. Half-way up the stairs, a group of girls, heading downwards, rushed past her, causing her to stumble a little. Abbie squeezed her thighs together and gripped the banister tightly to manage the pain in her bladder, she was absolutely desperate.

The two main bathrooms were located on the first floor, and as Abbie approached the top of the stairs, she realised there was going to be a problem, there were large queues for both. Abbie’s mind didn’t know how to comprehend this new discovery but her bladder did; it screamed out in a need to be released, an almost digging pain was now shooting through the lower half of her body. Abbie was trying her best to act casual, but it was becoming more difficult. Abbie pushed her thighs together and carefully, trying to not to draw attention to herself, slid one of her hands around her back, underneath her bum, and pressed hard on her crotch - finally, some relief.

A minute or two passed and the queue hadn’t moved, Abbie knew she couldn’t stay here any longer. Unknown to her but visible to anyone watching, her legs had actually started bobbing up and down in an attempt to ease the desperation; it was becoming a highly pressing issue. Matters were only made worse when she heard the two girls in front discussing how a girl had violently thrown-up over the toilet seat, and that was the reason for the delay. Abbie bit her lip and removed herself from the queue, she didn’t want to wait any longer. For some reason this only increased her desperation, the thought of being so close to the toilet, and now not, sat in her mind and caused her bladder to emit pain through her body.

Abbie’s one and only plan was to find the secret bathroom on the third floor, and this needed executing quickly - it was one uphill task (pardon the pun). The last thing anyone wants, let alone when you’re desperate for a wee, is to find yourself burdened by two flights of stairs, but that was the task Abbie was faced with. Abbie nonchalantly headend back towards the marble stairs, taking every step as slowly, but also as quickly as she could. She wanted, and needed, the toilet right now, the thought of yanking her jeans off and slamming her bum on the seat was all she could think about; it was her sole motivation. As she climbed the stairs, Abbie didn’t care anymore about being seen in desperate state, her will power had taken over and her body was half bent over with her hand still round her bum, jamming hard into her crotch.

Finally, out a sight, and up the second-fight of stairs, Abbie squealed to herself in a panic. With her face blushing bright red, Abbie had freaked out and there was a fraction of a second where she thought she might have actually started going, but thankfully it was just her mind playing tricks. Breaking point, that’s where Abbie’s body was right now. Abbe’s mind raced and the thought ‘what if I was still in the queue’ flashed through her head, she couldn’t comprehend it, everyone would be staring at her; it’d be the most embarrassing situation ever. Moving forwards, Abbie had to grip the banister tightly, using all her mental fortitude to pull herself up, every step feeling a mountain - but she made it, she was finally on the third floor.

Abbie’s body was exhausted, and as she stood at the top of the stairs, she could hear herself breathing heavily, like she’d just done one of her workout sessions. The one hand digging into her crotch had become two, and her bladder was now frequently pulsating and spasming, sending pain all over her body, moments away from exploding. As she waddled carefully across the landing and into the bedroom, Abbie got a glimpse of herself in the standing mirror, she looked a mess. This was no time to be checking herself out though, she could do that for as long as she wanted after. Abbie was here for one thing only, the flowery closet which hosted a secret toilet. As her eyes scanned the room, she found it, situated in the corner.

Just as Abbie was about to push the secret little handle sticking out from flower glazed closet, she stopped herself and let out a little squeal. ‘…fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck…’ Her bladder spasmed harder than ever before, causing her to keel over and re-adjust, forcefully digging both her hands into her crotch and squeeze her thighs together with all her might. It took her a second or two to realise that she’d actually held everything in, no leaks, her thong was still dry. This was now a code red, anymore spasms like that and she’d definitely be leaking, this was the worst she’d ever had to pee in her life. It then struck Abbie that she’d nearly had an accident; yes, she’d had leaks once or twice in the past, but this was a whole new level of desperate. The thought of an accident at her age was unthinkable. Abbie forced herself to continue and in an attempt to power on, entered through the closet and into the small back bedroom, leading to a wooden door.

With her hand buried deep into her crotch, relief was finally in sight as Abbie quickly approached the small wooden door with a rusted golden handle. Almost crossing her fingers, knowing this was the final straw, Abbie prayed internally that the door was unlocked, and twisted the knob slowly in suspense. Abbie’s mind echoed the thought ‘thank god its unlocked’, as the knob fully twisted and hinge clicked. Despite Abbie’s initial jubilation, another twist was about to unravel. As the door slowly creaked open and Abbie rushed in to the small but somewhat cosy bathroom, all the anxiety and pain in her mind and bladder from holding and thoughts of accidents started to ease, knowing she was about to make it to the toilet without any complications. A dribble leaked out.

Life as an eighteen year-old is never that simple though and in the moment Abbie rushed into the bathroom, she was halted in her tracks by a tall figure. A figured that she recognised instantly, Abbie knew those long toned legs, and that silky blonde hair from a mile off. She hadn’t expected anyone else to find this bathroom in such a big house, let alone be using it. These were valuable seconds for Abbie to lose as she stood on the spot, her feet tip-toeing and her hands digging into her crotch, a meter or so away from the toilet. Abbie’s eyes had already scanned around the bathroom and captured the moment, her brain had instantaneously figured what was going on.

Stood, cramped by the sink, a small towel in one hand and toilet paper in the other was the tall figure of Bella Smith, Abbie’s arch-nemesis. It wouldn’t take an idiot to work out what was going on, let alone a smart girl like Abbie. Bella’s light blue denim shorts had a darkened, saturated patch at the front, around the crotch, and the top of her thighs glistened with wetness in the light. Abbie had also noticed there was a small puddle on the floor, next to the sink, which had a definite yellow-tint to it. Somewhat in disbelief, with Bella’s face now turning a dark shade of red as she realised, Abbie stood with her eyebrows raised and a small smirk forming on her lips - it was quite obvious that she was standing in front of a girl who had just wet herself, had an accident.

“…someone spilt wine on me…” Bella blurted out in a panic, gazing towards Abbie and then down to her wet shorts. She too, thought she’d be alone and undisturbed in this secluded, secret bathroom but that wasn’t to be the case. She hadn’t comprehended anyone finding her in this state, let alone it being the girl she rivalled, Abbie Cole.

Abbie, still in disbelief, let out a little laugh in response, seeing straight through Bella’s lie. It was evident that no one would, or could, spill wine so perfectly to make those wet patches, it could only be one thing - an accident. The smirk on Abbie’s face soon became a grimace though, witnessing Bella in this state sent her mind into overdrive about her own desperation. Abbie had to squeeze her thighs together to hold back the torrent that was ready to burst, she needed to go, and she needed to go right now. Thankfully, the toilet was right there, almost staring back at her. Another dribble had escaped from Abbie’s urethra.

All this had played out in a matter of seconds, but a matter of seconds is a valuable amount of time when your bladder and mind are begging to relieved. Not only was this delay catastrophic, it had also exposed Abbie’s mind to the predicament of having an accident, something which seemed impossible and alien to the average eighteen year-old only moments ago. Abbie was the IT girl, one of the most desired girls in school, having an accident just wouldn’t happen to her. Further to this, complicating the situation, she knew she now had Bella closely watching her every move. With her hands digging harder into her crotch than ever before, and Bella’s wet shorts in her peripheral view, Abbie made her move and took a step towards the toilet.

This turned out to be a step too far as her bladder uncontrollably spasmed again, this time unable to hold it. All of Abbie’s hard work getting to the bathroom had been undone; the sight of Bella’s wet shorts, the trail of wetness Bella had left on the floor, the view of the toilet, it had all been too much for Abbie’s determined, but now beaten mind. At first, her body shivered in a sort of panic as she realised what was about to happen. With her legs now uncrossed, Abbie went into the classic wetting position; her knees, thighs and feet angled inwards and her upper body half keeled over. To make matters worse, her eyes were still firmly fixed on the toilet, everything inside her body screamed, except her mind which seemed to be thankful, in a bliss-like state. Waves of guilt shot through her body and Abbie felt like a little girl.

It’s strange having an accident as an adult, your body starts to shut down and your emotions take over, and eighteen year-old Abbie was about to go through them all. The bladder spasm had caused her urethra to start fully leaking, and her mind was now unable to stop the constant dribbles of piss from escaping. ‘Shittt….noooo…fuckkk’ Hot urine was forcing its way out, initially met by the resistance of Abbie’s silk thong, which offered her next to no protection at all. The warmth spread rapidly with ease in all directions around her pussy, creating a fuzzy feeling in her mind and on her skin. ‘Fuckkkk…shiittt’ Abbie moaned again under her breath, that first moment of release provided an ecstatic relief from all the desperation and holding, but that emotion was quickly forgotten, as Abbie realised she was going in her pants and not the toilet - her face was turning bright red.

Abbie’s skin-tight grey jeans only amplified the accident to the on-looking Bella, who’s mouth was wide open in shock. She had been in this exact situation, and gone through the same emotions only a matter of minutes ago. She’d obviously seen Abbie jamming her hands down into her crotch when the door burst open but didn’t think she was at the desperation point of completely wetting herself - after all, she’d let out a little laugh at Bella’s predicament herself. Watching an accident unfold after having an accident herself somewhat humbled

Out of everybody in their school year, Bella knew best just how confident Abbie was in most, if not all situations; in fact, Bella would probably admit she was jealous of that coincidence at times - wishing she had some of it herself. Bella recognised in that moment the confidence that Abbie possessed when she walked and talked was now inexistent, it had completely drained for her appearance, she was just like any other girl when they’re desperate for the toilet. Bella watched the change happen, from Abbie’s feet tapping away and her legs bobbing up and down, to now being frozen on the spot. Bella Smith felt sorry for her.

Gravity took its course and Abbie had to yank her hands away from her crotch to stop them from getting wet as spurts of piss instantly saturated her jeans, the colour turning from light grey to dark, the denim material glistening right before her eyes. Time felt like it was going in slow motion for Abbie, who was stood helplessly, closing her eyes, with her head tilted back as the warm, wet feeling of wee hit the back and side of her thighs before racing and accelerating down her legs at an uncontrollable rate.

Abbie’s mind was still trying to stop, almost fight the constant flow of hot urine escaping her, but the damage done was already irreversible - she’d pissed herself. ‘Ohhhh…fuckkk…’ The warmth and wetness was becoming too much, causing her to whimper like a child as the hissing sound filled the room - not the hissing sound she’d envisaged when she opened the door a minute ago. She opened her eyes for a split second, seeing the toilet right in front, before letting them role into the back of her head.

Bella, still looking on, was coming to terms that this was Abbie Cole in front of her, the IT girl, the number one most desired girl in school - it seemed surreal. She was completely wetting herself right in front of her eyes. Bella just watched on as the accident was now in full flow and rivulets of pee were cascading down Abbie’s legs, causing her jeans to stick to her skin, not that they weren’t already. Bella had the perfect view from behind and could see the arcs where the wee had escaped from the front and exploded round to the bum. There were two large patches streaking down the back of Abbie’s thighs; with some single streams racing off on their own accord, fleeing from the mainstream flow. Bella couldn’t see the front fully but it projected something similar with large patches down Abbie’s legs. It was almost the perfect looking jeans accident.

The smell of urine filled the small bathroom, not just from Abbie’s accident but from the aroma of Bella’s before. It didn’t take long for the smell to hit Abbie’s nose, and the feeling of embarrassment turned to humiliation. The reality was crashing down on her that she was peeing herself, pissing straight into her skin-tight jeans. Abbie scolded herself, she’d been so close, why on earth did she stop when she got into the bathroom - she’d been holding for long but knew she could have made it. Abbie was furious and the thought of going back downstairs, or being seen like this made her feel sick - why her, and why tonight? Abbie’s mind scampered at the thought of humiliation, ‘oh my god… Abbie Cole’s pissed her pants’, ‘everyone look… Abbie’s wet herself’, ‘is she five…who wets themselves at eighteen!’ Abbie wanted to cry.

That wasn’t the only thing scolding her though, Abbie now couldn’t stop herself from aggressively spurting hot urine into her pants, and the constant warmth was burning her thighs and legs. She had completely soaked herself. ‘Ohhhhh…fucking hell…’ Abbie moaned in agony, mixed with some relief, she had well and truly been defeated but still didn’t want to accept that she’d had an accident. She thought back to the time her bother, aged seven, pissed his pants on the stairs. He cried and ran to their mum who reassured him that ‘these things happen’ - would she say the same thing now? Abbie was an adult, she was eighteen, not seven, these things just didn’t happen at this age. This was supposed one of the best nights of her life and it was turning into one of the worst. The two hottest girls in the school, Abbie Cole and Bella Smith were crammed into a small, secret bathroom, both with wet pants soaked with urine.

The final emotion was acceptance, you had to come to terms with the fact that you’d pissed yourself, had an accident, and find the requisite means of cleaning yourself up. This acceptance hit Abbie hard, she remembered peering through the gap in the bathroom door as her mum slid her brothers wet pyjamas off and wiped down his legs. With her stream starting to ease off, and her mind thinking a little more clearly, Abbie yanked at the button on her jeans and in one swift motion, whilst spurting piss on the bathroom floor, slammed her wet bum down on the toilet seat. With her eyes still closed, Abbie didn’t know how long she was sat there, she just waited until she only had a few spurts left before opening them and looking up to the on-watching Bella. Her stream had finally died down to nothing.

“SHIT!!” Abbie moaned in anger, aiming it at herself.

The bathroom went silent and there was a long pause as neither girl really wanted to say anything - it was too awkward a moment. Bella tried to flash somewhat of a smile in Abbie’s direction but Abbie was staring down at her ankles, watching small rivulets of pee run off her legs and down on to the floor. Abbie scanned the rest of her wet jeans, they were soaked, ruined, a complete write off. Her mind raced again, thinking about what everyone would say if they saw her like this, ‘everyone look…Abbie Cole’s pissed her pants’, even her brother, who was now sixteen, would never let her live this down. It was a disaster.

“You alright?” Bella asked sincerely, breaking the silence and tension. She was still trying to dry her own legs with the small hand towel but they seemed to have dried for her, creating a sticky residue on her skin.

Abbie flicked her eyes up to meet Bella’s gaze, this was supposed to be her school rival. They’d hated each other from aged fifteen, always trying to one-up the other, and now they were both at the biggest party of the year hiding in a bathroom together - life couldn’t get any worse. Abbie’s initial thoughts were to laugh, she couldn’t even believe it, she wanted to blame Bella for this whole ordeal but seeing her so embarrassed, trying to hide her accident tugged at her guilt a little. Abbie realised how desperate she must have been, she went through it herself - it was horrible. Further to this, Abbie knew if it was anyone else in there with her they’d shout it from the rooftops, that she’d wet herself, but not Bella, both their ego’s were too proud.

“Fuck…” Abbie finally said in reply, still observing the damage done to her jeans.

Bella nodded in reply cautiously, still trying to figure out how to go about things. They’d never really spoken on this level before, it felt like a life defining moment, something that would only happen in movies. Bella then thought back to her plan, they couldn’t just stay here, not for the whole night. She had been hoping that no one would find her and once dried off, she’d slip away unnoticed and head home to clean up properly. That plan was now ruined.

“I haven’t…” Abbie stopped and took a deep breath, gazing her eyes up to meet Bella’s before pushing her lips together “…you know…” Abbie didn’t even want to think about it but she couldn’t remember the last time she’d ever had an accident, maybe as a child, she was usually so good at holding her bladder. Embarrassment on this level just didn’t happen to her.

Bella caught on to what Abbie meant, “yeah…no…same” She glanced down at her own accident in an embarrassed manner.

“Fuck sake…” Abbie said under her breath whilst flicking her dry hand to the side, plucking a spare toilet roll from the shelf behind. Ripping off a few squares, Abbie delicately wiped her pussy, trying to avoid the completely soaked surrounding areas.

Bella watched on as Abbie slowly dried her private areas. “Do you wanna like…” Bella paused nervously as Abbie’s head cocked up to look at her. “…strip your jeans off?”

It was strange for Bella to sound somewhat kind, Abbie was so used to their conversations being filled with insults, or just straight up arguments - Bella’s tone of voice almost took her by surprise. On the flip side, Abbie’s mind couldn’t help but cling to the words ‘strip your jeans off’, they reverberated around the bathroom. Abbie thought it was something that your mum said when you’d had an accident as a toddler, not your arch-nemesis. Abbie cringed internally but knew Bella’s suggestion was the correct one.

“Yeah…” Abbie paused, thinking about how she was going to do this. “…I guess I should.”

Bella Smith watched closely as Abbie Cole, naked from the waist down, perked herself up off the toilet, and shuffled her feet across across the bathroom floor, trying to avoid the puddles they’d both made. Bella couldn’t help but stare are Abbie’s cleanly shaved pussy, she knew, if it wasn’t for this, that Abbie would be ending up in a boys bed tonight - there was no question about it. Bella continued to stare as Abbie’s jeans and thong, still round her ankles, made a sort of slapping sound when being dragged along the floor.

“Sorry…” Abbie protested, grimacing at the sound. It was only adding to the embarrassment of the whole situation. Abbie then stepped out her wet thong and jeans, kicking her saturated shoes off at the same time before stepping across, carefully avoiding the wet floor, to reach the full toilet roll she’d just used. Cautiously, she ripped a few pieces off, before guiding them gently up and down her wet legs, trying to avoid getting her hands wet at all costs.

The awkward tension had resumed as neither girl spoke for a few moments. Abbie was hard at work, now drying the back of her legs, whilst Bella wiped around her ankles with the hand towel, inspecting the damage to her socks and shoes. Both girls had underestimated how wet they actually were, they’d virtually created a mini swimming pool off urine on the floor.

“You won’t tell anyone about this…” Abbie blurted out before stopping herself. “…right…?”

Abbie knew that this moment would haunt her summer. Obviously the teasing would die down eventually, but she’d always be known as the girl who pissed her pants at the results party. Her reputation would be ruined, it was pure humiliation. In fact, it was pure humiliation for the both of them.

“No…” Bella replied quickly while nervously standing by the sink, trying to avert her eyes away from Abbie’s situation, “…course not.”

“Thanks.” Abbie said gingerly, flashing Bella a half smile.

“We’re in this together…” Bella added, trying to formulate some humour into the conversation, before looking down at her stained denim shorts. Bella wasn’t wrong, they were in this together.

“Yeah” Abbie let out a little laugh, almost giggling.

As the smell of urine diffused further around the bathroom, both girls awkwardly exchanged glances and looks of comfort to the other. It was evident that neither sympathy or empathy were the girls strongest emotions, but both mentally pushed through their own embarrassment to try and console the other. After all, who would have thought they’d be residing in a secret bathroom, both having passed their pants, definitely no one. Sometimes saying nothing speaks the most volume, and as Bella came to the end of her toilet roll, Abbie had already grabbed a fresh full one and passed it across. Bella didn’t say anything in reply but pushed her lips together to say thank you.

A moment later, it was Bella who made the first move. She really didn’t know if it was the right time to say this, or how Abbie would react, but she was going to anyway. Having her own accident and watching Abbie’s made her realise that they were probably closer in common than she first thought. Bella hypothesised how they’d both not wanted anyone to see them in a desperate state so rushed off to find the secret bathroom, to be isolated and alone. It was quite ironic because they definitely did have something in common now - having an accident at eighteen.

“I’m sorry…” Bella stopped herself to think, and to get Abbie’s attention. “…you know…sorry if I’m a bitch to you sometimes…well…all the time…it’s a just a defence mechanism to to protect myself. I guess…sometimes you can be threatening…scary…but it doesn’t warrant me acting like a…a dick.” Bella stopped as she felt she’d been rambling, all that she’d panned to say had gone out of the window.

Abbie looked back at her blankly. She too had the epiphany that they weren’t too dissimilar. She couldn’t believe what she was about to say or do, she dropped her guard for once in her life.

“Yeah…me too.” Abbie’s apology was sincere. She continued, “I didn’t mean to laugh earlier…you know when…I’m sorry.”

“Its fine…” Bella replied, unsuccessfully holding in a smile. “I might have laughed too…” Insinuating that she would’ve laughed it she’d found Abbie desperately trying to hide her accident in a secret bathroom.

“…Fuck sake…” Abbie sighed under her breath, shaking her head, “…I’m so wet…” she couldn’t help but let out a little laugh as she continued to wipe herself down. The piece of toilet paper she’d just ripped off was now completely saturated with wee and Abbie quickly proceeded to through it down the toilet bowl.

“You must’ve been…” Bella paused, scanning her eyes across Abbie’s naked lower body “…soooo desperate.”

“Sooo bad!!” Abbie fired back, scrunching up her forehead. The moments leading up her accident then replayed through her mind. “I nearly started going in the hallway…”

“I think I did…” Bella confessed whilst blushing. “Honestly…”

“What…!?” Abbe responded in a somewhat shocked manner, cutting Bella off.

“The queue was so long downstairs and…” Bella spoke quickly, like a little kid trying to explain their side of the story to a parent after having an accident, “…I was in such a panic…I had to go so bad…and I couldn't find the handle in the secret closet and…and…the more I stressed, the more I panicked…then I just started going in the hallway…like…my body couldn’t hold it in anymore…and by the time I got in here…”

Bella’s face was now bright red in embarrassment as her story spilled out. Initially, she’d been looking down at the floor reliving her accident in her head; but she flicked her eyes up to meet Abbie’s, who had been listening with intent. “…I just couldn’t stop it…it was going everywhere…like flooding out…it was so bad…”

Abbie, who listened on, watching Bella’s flushed cheeks as she spoke, was a little stunned; it was hard for her to process someone talking about an accident so openly, but this was Bella, an eighteen year-old. It seemed weird, unnatural, almost child-like, Bella’s words, ‘…flooding out’ sat in her chest, and knots turned in her stomach; she most definitely couldn’t remember the last time she’d had an accident. She looked down at her still somewhat wet legs, and like her brother had done when he’d had his accident at seven, she just wanted to get home without being seen and curl up into a ball on her bed. The party wasn’t even worth it anymore.

Abbie realised she hadn’t said anything, and so took her mums words, “…these things happen.”

“Yeah…” Bella forced a smile back at Abbie. “…what happened with you?”

The dreaded question Abbie had been waiting for. “I guess…the same as you…” She pushed her lips together. “…I thought I’d made it when I finally got in here…and then…erm…seeing the toilet and everything…I dunno…”

“Shit really does happen…” Bella replied calmly, somewhat imaging how humiliating this must be for Abbie - not that it wasn’t just as humiliating for her.

Both Bella and Abbie had been humbled, and once done reciting their stories, they knew they’d been waiting around long enough, they both recognised it was probably time to get of the house and leave the party. This required Abbie to pull up her wet, sticky thong and jeans back around her crotch - she grimaced. As she slid her wet jeans up to her waist, Bella nodded her head, and girls quietly left the room.

###-

Abbie trudged up the driveway in the dead of night, her modern family home built with stone now standing tall in front of her. It had been one hell of an evening and Abbie couldn’t wait to get inside, clean herself up, and let her head fall into her pillows. The quick walk back from the party had allowed her to contemplate and mull-over the events that had occurred, concluding overall that it was ‘very shit’, except for exchanges with Bella. Despite the accident, she knew it was time she grow up, and stopped acting like a petulant child, Bella was a nice enough girl, she had no reason to be a bitch to her anymore. They didn’t have to suddenly become best friends, but they certainly had bonded in that secret bathroom on the third floor. As she approached the front door, Abbie pulled her keys out of her pocket.

As carefully as she could, Abbie unlocked the door and placed it back shut, trying to avoid making any unnecessary sounds. She quickly untied her laces and kicked her shoes underneath the shoe rack, Abbie thought about how they looked virtually dry already, they’d be fine by morning with a quick wash. Abbie then delicately made her way up the stairs, tip-toeing ever so slowly, not making a sound. As she reached the top, she paused - nothing, it was silent - she’d made it. Abbie’s room was the located on the left, you couldn’t miss it, there was a big sparkling ‘A’ hanging on the door - a present she’d got from Nicole aged about nine. With a few metres to go, Abbie thought she was home and dry, but just like earlier, as she was about to make the final step into her room, disaster struck, the hall light flickered on - Abbie froze.

“Abbs??” It was her mum, sounding slightly confused. “…what you doing back so early?”

Abbie’s mum had fully expected her to be back at five in morning, not before midnight, that’s if she made it back at all! She’d had to listen to Abbie bang on for weeks about how this ‘results party’ was going to be the biggest of the year. She knew that Abbie was in one of the more popular groups in school, all the girls had been planning their outfits the day they finished their exams. It didn’t make any sense to her why she’d be home already, silently heading into her bedroom. Adding to the confusion, Abbie had done amazingly well in her results, this was her moment to celebrate.

As Abbie’s mum stood there, wrapped in her dressing gown, her face got its answer as to why she was back so early. It took her eyes a second or two to realise what the discolouration to Abbie’s jeans was, but even from the back, it was extremely obvious. Every mum had seen their child in a similar predicament when younger. The arcs from the waist down had more or less dried out but the light grey of the jeans had darkened and the material looked totally saturated. As Abbie had done when she first caught sight of Bella’s wet jeans, and put two and together, her mum had done the same for her. It wasn’t like it had been at the party, where it was dark outside and the jeans were hidden, the hall light seemed to exacerbate Abbie’s accident more than ever.

“Aww Abbie…” Her mum comfortingly, sliding her feet across the hallway towards Abbie. Her eyes were fixed on the staining of the jeans. “Sweetheart…come here”

“Mum…” Abbie’s voice broke and a tear fell down her cheek as they embraced. Abbie threw her arms round her mum and held on tightly, it was exactly who she needed right now. “Please don’t tell anyone…” she whimpered.

“Darling…?” Her mum had pulled away slightly to get another view of the jeans. “…what happened?”

“I don’t know…” More tears formed in Abbie’s eyes as she fumbled her words “…the party was so busy…and…and…I was so desperate.” Abbie thought back to how she fought tirelessly against her own bodily needs to scamper up the stairs on to the third floor before finally exploding when she entered the toilet, “…it happened in the toilet…I was right there…it just started coming out…I couldn’t hold it…it was just an accident.”

“Oh darling…accidents happen” Abbie’s mum pulled Abbie closer, visible consoling her.

“Bella Smith was in there too…” Abbie’s voice perked up.

“Yeah?” Her mum fired back.

“Yeah…well…she had an accident as well…” Abbie flicked her eyes towards her mum. “…so we kinda dried off together and then escaped…”

Abbie’s mum processed the information and then stuck out her hand. “Lets clean you up…”

Abbie greatly accepted, and hand in hand they shuffled down to the hallway and into the bathroom. After everything, Abbie felt glad to be home, she felt safe.

*003*2022-09-04 12:30

{{22 hours ago, rfthawne said:

This story was great. I was convinced for a bit there that Bella was going to try and kiss Abbie to comfort her when they were both in the bathroom. But really just a fantastic story!

}}

It was definitely an idea that crossed my mind when writing...

{{18 hours ago, WettingWatcher said:

Great story! I'd love to see a part 2 (and beyond) if you're happy writing it

}}

If there's enough interest in a part 2 then we'll see? I've got a few more ideas down this route...

