Desperate on the subway

Author: Mark08

*000*2019-12-01 01:49

The Parisian subway system was truly a spider web, Stephanie thought, and now she was its prisonner. Since about an hour now, she and hundreds of other passengers were stuck in one of its many cars after a sudden malfunction at the height of the evening rush hour. They were supposed to get moving again shortly, but after having been told the same thing about 15 times over the last hour, she held very little hope that that was indeed true. The general mood of the people in the car she was in was similar, going from slightly annoyed following the unscheduled stop to currently pretty angry. Stephanie was also worrying quite a bit now. Not about the service disruption in itself, she knew that they were going to be freed eventually, but about the fact that, while the mood of the customers decreased, her bladder had filled rapidly.

"I shouldn't have had that coffee before leaving the office", she thought. She knew that the diuretic properties of coffee did not mix well with her, but after a long day she did not want to take the chance of falling asleep during her commute. That was a choice she thouroughly regretted now, as she was fidgeting in her seat, trying not to make her predicament too visible to other passengers. After all, at 26, she could hardly be seen grabbing herself between the legs like a little girl. She had to maintain some sort of composure, otherwise she knew that in an era where cameras are everywhere, she'd end up on Youtube in a video titled "LOL, cute girl desperate to piss in broken down metro". She was now getting slightly worried that the eventual video would instead be called "Cute girl pisses her pants in broken down metro".

Of course, being a lawyer, she was used to regularly have to delay going to the bathroom for extended durations, but normally she was free to go relieve herself before she reached the desperation point she was in now. One of the only moments where she had to go more than now, she thought, was when hiking with her boyfriend a few months ago. Being too shy to pee in the bushes in front of him at the time, she had to hold it all the way back from a 10km walk through steep hills. She had leaked a little bit in her shorts then, but she was sure he had never noticed. Then, an announcement over the intercom brought her back from her thoughts.

- Hello, this is the conductor speaking, I have had news from the repair team. They now have identified the problem and are fixing it as we speak. We will be going again in about 10 minutes. Thank you for your patience.

Well, she thought, at least now they had a time instead of "soon". Of course, her normal commute would then take an additional 30 after that, but she could always get out at the next station and find a public bathroom to relieve herself before continuing. She generally disliked public bathrooms, but they were certainly better than ruining her 150$ tailored pants and having to live down that incident. All she had to was take her mind off of it, she thought. Of course, that was also the moment her cellphone battery decided to run out, so the only option that presented itself was to try and look for someone to talk to in here.

As she looked around for a suitable candidate, however, her mind quickly went back to her own pressing need when she saw that many of the other passengers seemed to exhibit the telltale signs of needing the toilet sooner rather than later. Like her, some women were constantly crossing and uncrossing their legs. Some of the people not lucky enough to have sitting places were doing funny little dances in place. She even saw a man with one of his hands in the pocket of his suit who could very well have been holding himself. God, she thought, if we don't get moving back soon, we're all going to die drowned in a yellow flood.

To her delight, it was at this moment that the train abruplty started to move again. Only a few minutes now and she would be at the next station. Then she heard a scream.

"Oh fuck!", said a young women standing up against one of the doors. A man besides her, probably a friend or a colleague, asked her what was wrong, to which she answered "I got surprised by the start and I think I leaked a little, god I have to pee". Stephanie could indeed see a small wet patch between the legs of the poor girl, which did not help her in the least with her own needs. She felt as though her bladder was now containing the whole river Seine. Then they reached the next station. Stephanie quickly shifted her focus from the girl to getting up and out of the train without having her own accident. "So far so good" she thought, "now to find a bathroom close to here".

Of course there were none in the station, very few had. Walking quickly in very short steps, she reached the stairs to get outside. Obviously, the mechanical escalator was broken, which means she had to walk up about 50 steps. "That's just great", she thought. Each step was pure agony, wer bladder screaming for release louder and louder each time she climbed one more.

She even had to take a quick break halfway to cross her legs otherwise she felt she was going to just drench her 200$ tailored pants, the stairs, and everyone below her, with warm pee. She succeeded in reaching the top dry, but she felt as though the dam could break at any moment. That's when she saw one of those self-cleaning toilets just two corners away from where she stood. She began walking there in small hurried footsteps, her right hand pressing firmly against her pussy. She didn't care anymore if people saw her or not, all she cared about was not having a very embarassing accident in the middle of this crowded street.

About three-quarters of the way through, however, she gasped as she felt a short spurt of pee escape her and flow in the cute lace panties she had selected for her date tonight. "Crap!", she thought as she quickly regained control of her aching bladder. Her pants didn't seem wet, which was the good news. The bad news though, was that she knew she did not have long to go before more of that liquid escaped her tortured bladder. She hurried to the bathroom, her wet panties uncomfortably sticking to her pussy all the way.

There were two women and a man already waiting for their turn to use the (unisex) toilet. Stephanie wasn't sure that she could wait that long. In fact, she was pretty sure that she couldn't.

- "Excuse me", she said quietly, and with a hand still pressed between her legs, to the man just in front of her, "could I possibly cut in front of you, I've had to pee for ages but I was stuck in the subway, I think I'm going to explode!".

- "Well, you can go in front of me, but certainly not in front of my girlfriend", he said while motioning to the woman just in front of him. "We just got out of the subway ourselves", he continued. That's when Stephanie recognized the young woman who had already leaked in the metro. She was now squirming non-stop, and the wet patch between her legs was now much more visible than before.

- "Thanks a lot", Stephanie said to the man.

She felt really sorry for the girl in front of her, but she wasn't doing much better. The woman in front also seemed to be pretty desperate. She probably came from another car and was in the same situation as them. The door then opened, and a man came out. The door then closed while the toilet completed it's self-cleaning sequence, which took about a minute. It then re-opened, and the woman in front rushed in, unbottoning her pants before the door even closed. They all heard the moan of relief that escaped from the cabin, just as a second spurt leaked from Stephanie's bladder. This one was longer than the first, and it definitely did wet through her pants as she felt her hand get a little bit humid. She just hoped that nothing was visible to the man behind.

After another minute of squirming and praying the first woman got out of the cabin looking much more relaxed as when she got in. The self-cleaning routine than ran again for another agonizingly long minute. The girl in front of Stephanie was now crouched and was practically crying because she had to go so much. The door then opened and she got in as fast as she could, her pants already pretty wet from the ordeal. Stephanie was now the next in line and closest to the door, which meant she heard the forceful stream of the young woman hitting the water. That was too much for Steph, and a third leak wet her pants. She squeezed her pussy as strong as she could, she jumped up and down, stepped side to side, but nothing helped. The third leak was soon followed by a fourth, and a fifth. She now felt that the wetness in her pants spread to about the middle of her thighs, which meant the man behind definitely saw what was happening.

- "Oh I'm so sorry", he said, "just hold on a minute more, you're nearly there".

Stephanie didn't answer, putting all her efforts to not leaking more than she already did. The sound of water from inside stopped, and the young woman soon got out, looking relaxed but with a very noticeable wet patch in her pants. She looked at Stephanie with a sympathetic look on her face. Then the door closed for another minute. It seemed like ages for the poor Stephanie, who felt like she was now leaking a bit every 10 seconds or so. It then opened agin and she rushed in, struggling a little bit with her belt and the buttons on her pants. Why did they have to put three goddamn buttons on that, she thought as she undid them. Then, before she could pull them down completely, she began to pee full force. She yanked them down and quickly sat on the toilet, where she at last could relax.

It felt so good to finally let go that she was moaning a little bit, it was almost an orgasmic pleasure. She peed for about 2 minutes non-stop before finally stopping. It's then that she had a look at her pants and discovered the real damage. They were wet almost all the way down in the back and between the legs. Not much was visible in the front, but her crotch area was noticeably wet. Her panties were a total disaster, they were so wet they looked like they just came out of the washing machine.

She was simultaneously embarassed and surprised. She couldn't believe that she still peed that much after wetting her clothes like that, but she was embarassed for not having held on. Furthermore, she now had to take the metro and go home to change, while very noticeably wet. She tied the blazer that she wore around her waist to try and hide as much of the damage as she could, got out without making eye contact with the people out there too much, and made her way back to the subway, much more relaxed than before. Maybe she'd end up on Youtube, who knew, but she felt so good that she didn't really care anymore.

