Trevor's conference desperation - The Root Awakening story excerpt

Author: MaxMorgan

*000*2025-01-05 01:44

This story contains male desperation and leaking. This is an excerpt from chapter 1 of the Root Awakening, a novella I'm currently working on.

###

The man on the stage was halfway through a presentation about the hardiness of Kikuyu grass when Trevor started to become aware of his bladder filling. He shifted in his seat to make himself more comfortable, but took no action to slow down on his consumption of the complimentary drinks, as he planned to visit the bathrooms during the next break in presentations. Suddenly, a woman around Trevor’s age squeezed her way awkwardly through the expanse of tables to sit in the empty seat next to him. He wondered idly what had caused her to be almost an hour and a half late to the conference.

During the break between speeches, Emma immediately began talking enthusiastically to Trevor. She had recognised him from a recording of his speech he had given at last year’s conference, and was keen to discuss the technical details of the Urine Luck fertilizer. His need to urinate had become quite urgent, and he felt like he was shifting and fidgeting a lot, but if Emma noticed she made no comment. As Emma spoke so intelligently and confidently about his invention, Trevor became more and more attracted to her and subsequently too embarrassed to admit his desperation. He tried to excuse himself to the bar as a chance to visit the bathroom, but Emma happily stood up and announced that she needed a drink too so would join him at the bar.

Following through with his excuse, Trevor ordered another beer at the bar. As they waited for their drinks to be served, they chatted about their hobbies and careers. Just as he mustered up the courage to excuse himself to the bathroom, the announcer called out that the next speaker was heading to the stage now. Too shy to show that his need to urinate was severe enough to miss the start of the speech, he dismissed his bathroom break and headed back to his seat with Emma.

Sinking down into the comfortable chair, he gave a smile to Emma and the other guests at his table, and tried to focus on the speaker to keep his mind off of the throbbing in his bladder. He slid his chair as far under the table as he could, and slipped his hand back into his pocket to clutch his penis. He ran his thumb back and forth over the head of his dick, trying to get hard to reduce his desperation. His eyes drifted over to Emma’s small and tight breasts showing through her slightly transparent white blouse, and suddenly he had no problem maintaining his erection.

An hour later, after the presenter had finished speaking, Trevor was in quite a state both physically and mentally. To keep the discomfort in his bladder manageable, he had had to continually stroke and squeeze his penis for the whole duration of the speech. His bladder felt full to bursting, and his mind was a conflicted mess of arousal and desperation. He had felt multiple droplets of liquid ease out of the tip of his cock throughout the speech and had no idea whether it was urine or precum that he was leaking.

He reluctantly removed his hand from his pocket and slid his chair back from the table, intending to make his excuses and hobble off to the bathrooms as quickly as he could. However, as soon as he leaned forward to stand up from his chair, a short but powerful jet of pee shot out of his tip. He abruptly sat back down and pulled himself under the table again, making a conspicuous bang as his chair hit the table. The man on his right asked if he was alright, and he had to grit his teeth to be able to reply that he simply had a leg cramp and so had decided not to go to the bar. Emma gave him a long look and offered to grab him his drink instead, which he accepted. Half of the guests at his table, including Emma and the man on his right, got up and headed off to the bar or bathrooms.

Trevor had no idea what to do. He pointed his penis upwards for a better grip through his pocket, and attempted once more to stand up, this time with his hand in his pocket firmly clamped down on his shaft. He was punished with another hot spurt of pee jetting out of his penis, soaking the bottom of his shirt that was tucked into the top of his pants and wicking up towards his stomach. He forced his lower body back under the table and his mind absurdly drifted to his fertilizer, Urine Luck - more like Urine Trouble, he thought. Looking around at the couple of men still seated at his table, he began to resign himself to the idea that he had no choice but to completely wet himself under this table, surrounded by peers in his field. His bladder burned and cramped, and he knew that if he stood up he would soak his pants in front of everyone.

