Together in Times Of Desperation (book 2 of Sarah and Will)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-09-03 08:43

As promised here is the follow up to ‘In Times of Desperation’.

Book 2, chapter 1:

Will opened his fridge for milk to pour on his freshly made coffee, staring openly at the sausages in front of him trying to work out why they were there. Will only ever ordered exactly what he ate each week, via the internet, and today, Monday, there should be chicken or beef, 1 onions, 2 garlic cloves, ginger, some milk, one yoghurt and a little butter. Sausages were Saturday’s meal. Will checked the calendar as he suddenly realised why his Saturday food had been uneaten. Since meeting Sarah he’s thrown food out for the first time in his adult life. Will hated wastage, but he loved Sarah. As his toast popped in the toaster he dropped the sausages in the bin and smiled as he recalled what he had actually been doing two nights ago instead of eating the sausages.

Sarah was worth it. More than worth it.

Besides today wasn’t a usual Monday anyway. Today he had no work for the first time in a very long time, which threw Will off kilter and made him anxious but did provide a major bonus of a whole week of seeing Sarah.

Will ate his breakfast in the exact same time frame as usual, showered, dressed, packed his coffee cup with fresh coffee in his Tupperware box, as always, and left his apartment exactly to the minute as he did every work day. Locking the apartment door he slipped his coat on, left arm first as was his habit, his backpack over his shoulder, his car keys in his right hand pocket. In his car Will turned his sat nav on and drove the few miles to Sarah’s, even though he had driven the same short journey so many times before.

Sarah sipped her tea and ate her porridge as she checked her emails at her small dining table. It felt weird not going to work on a Monday but as the landlord needed access to the building to do some essential repairs she was forced to close for a week. She had been so looking forward to this week, a whole week with her new lover Will, but despite them sharing some incredibly passionate moments in the month since they met there were still aspects of her life he didn’t know, and for now she wanted it to stay that way. Glancing at the clock she finished her tea, quickly checked her online bank account then closed her laptop.

Today she wasn’t a therapist, today she and Will were decorating her living room together in what had been Will’s idea one night when she casually said she was thinking of changing her ceiling light as it cast a terrible shadow in one corner of the room. When Will offered to fit it he quite bluntly asked when her ceiling was last painted and so the plan of decorating was formed.

Sarah didn’t dare admit she was hopeless at DIY as she opened the box that Will had left there the day before with two overalls, cover sheets, brushes, paint, rollers, trays, turpentine, wallpaper paste, masking tape, wallpaper and decorating scissors. Thankfully Will had everything already since he did everything himself on his own apartment as he hated having any workmen ever in. Sarah hadn’t touched her house since she moved in, deliberately renting somewhere that had been freshly decorated.

Will rang Sarah’s bell and pushed the door open, still feeling nervous despite having been in the house many times in the last month. He had planned it all out in detail, calculating exactly how much paper and paint they would need and how much paste to mix and even how long he expected it would take.

‘Sarah, it’s me, Will.’

Sarah loved Will’s voice. It sent shivers through her.

‘I’m in the kitchen.’

‘Hi, is it ok to just get started? I have it all written down here. I’ll start with the ceiling, then the fireplace wall then move round to this one with the kitchen door. It’s smaller but will take a bit longer with painting round the door, then it’s this wall with the door from the stairs then I’ll end with the window wall. I reckon even with the moving furniture around I’ll have this all done by 5. It’ll still need time to dry but after I clean up and all that I’ll be away by 5:30 the same time I leave work.’

Sarah laughed.

‘Will, you’re my boyfriend not my handy man! You don’t need to leave at 5:30...and unlike work you don’t need to hold your bladder all day either. That’s unless you want to...’

She winked at Will but he was already taking off his jumper, climbing into the overall and heading into the main room to get started.

*002*2020-09-04 08:38

Chapter 2:

Sarah placed her mug in the sink and slipping her trainers off she stepped into the other overall, as she shouted through to Will.

‘Hey sexy! Fancy a coffee before you start?’

Will was already moving furniture around and had the coffee table in his hands as he called back.

‘Ok. You know what I take. Thanks honey.’

The room was cosy and Sarah had a sofa, an armchair, a coffee table and a cabinet as well as a book case, free standing lamp and a TV stand. Will placed the coffee table under the window and covered it with a dust cloth. He pushed the other stuff as far back as he could even though it blocked the door to the stairs in doing so. It wouldn’t be there long and the sooner Will started the better. He covered them all with sheets and returned to the kitchen to mix the paint.

‘Perfect timing! One coffee for my sexy decorator. I really appreciate this Will, you know that? You’ll need to help me though. I haven’t done this before.’

‘No problem.’

Will sipped his coffee and Sarah lifted her tea and carried it through next door.

‘Wow. You moved all that quick! So where do we start?’

Will brought his coffee in with one hand and some more dust sheets with the other.

‘Put these on the floor to protect the carpet Sarah. I’ll start here with the ceiling.’

Will returned to the kitchen and came back minutes later with a tray, a roller on a long arm and a tin of white paint. He set about efficiently and professionally painting, guiding Sarah to move the sheets covering the carpet as he went, pausing only to finish his coffee. Even with moving furniture as they went, by 11am the ceiling was done and Sarah was shocked at how different it looked already.

As Will washed out the roller and brushes before starting on the walls he rubbed his forehead with his sleeve.

‘I forgot how hot it was wearing these overalls.’

‘I was just thinking the same thing Will. Fancy a cold drink?’

‘Yes please.’

Sarah opened the fridge and offered cola, lemonade or fresh juice.

‘Cola is fine thanks.’

Sarah filled two glasses with cola and added ice. Even with the heating off the exertion of moving furniture combined with the overalls made the room seem so incredibly warm. She’d drank half of hers by the time Will poured some fresh paint into the tray.

‘Any chance you could get the masking tape Sarah? Thanks’

Will instructed Sarah in taping the edges of the wall and all around the fireplace as he mixed the paint in the tray and drank his juice, grateful for the cool and refreshing taste.

As Sarah returned the glasses to the kitchen Will began painting. Sarah turned the kitchen tap on to rinse the mugs and glasses and in doing so suddenly felt a strong need to use the bathroom. She smiled, thinking of the many times such a situation would have turned Will on immensely and how in any other situation they would have had some incredible and erotic fun, but right now, in the middle of decorating, needing to pee was much more of an inconvenience rather than a turn on. She decided the best thing, right now anyway, would be just to go.

She turned off the tap and walked next door.

‘Will, I’ll be right back. All that tea and cola has hit me suddenly and I need to go to the toilet...’

Will turned immediately, the voice and words having an instant effect on his body despite his mind being determined to paint and focus on the job at hand. Sarah stood there smiling, a twinkle in her eye that drove Will crazy, her auburn hair held back in a pony tail but still as sexy and appealing as ever, her legs crossed and her overall marking out the beautiful curves of her hips and breasts.

‘Ah. The furniture is in the way. Sorry. Can you wait while I finish this wall then I will move it? I don’t want it drying uneven.’

‘Oh. I guess so. How long will it take though?’

‘Shouldn’t be long babe. Promise.’

Will found it hard to concentrate on painting as his mouth went dry, his heart raced and his hands sweat knowing a beautiful woman, his beautiful woman, was needing the toilet right beside him and waiting for him to paint then move furniture before she could go. His body wanted nothing more than to strip off, strip Sarah and make love to her right this minute but his brain wanted nothing more than to get the wall painted in the time frame set so that the room could be completed before the end of the day like he promised it would be. The internal battle between body and mind was one he fought daily at work as he held his own bladder all day alone in his office terrified to leave in case he saw anyone, and a battle Sarah had been trying to help him overcome as he struggled to use any toilet other than his own one in his own apartment.

Thinking about needing to go definitely had an effect on Will too as while his penis was already erect his bladder also sent a signal to the same piece of anatomy as the two coffees and glass of cola built up in Will’s bladder too.

*004*2020-09-05 11:32

Chapter 3:

Sarah stood watching Will roll the roller over the wall consistently, thoroughly, and in precise order. Everything had to be perfect where Will was concerned. His attention to detail was refreshing and she loved that he focussed so intently on everything he did. For a few minutes she forgot her full bladder as she enjoyed gazing at her handsome boyfriend as he filled the roller once again and spread paint evenly and logically over her wall. Tingling from her own full bladder she allowed her mind to wander, imagining her own naked body as the wall and Will’s tongue as the roller as she felt the moisture roll first up her body from her toes to her forehead then back down again as Will rolled the paint back down.

She shivered as she felt his tongue in her imagination as it brushed over her nipples, her tummy, her full bladder and then over her swollen vaginal lips as her urethra throbbed and her clitoris grew and hardened. Instinctively Sarah reached between her legs with one hand as the other touched her erect and sensitive nipples through the overalls and her t-shirt and bra.

Will focused fully on painting the wall as he diligently rolled paint over the smooth wall making sure to do so evenly throughout, his arm moving up and down and up and down rhythmically as his now hard and erect penis longed for a similar action too. The words his sexy girlfriend had just said tantalising his body as he thought about the woman he couldn’t see behind him but could completely visualise. ‘I need to go to the toilet’; seven simply words that uttered from one woman set his whole body alight like a forest fire.

The room fell silent other than from the squelching of paint and swish swash movements of the roller on the wall.

As Will paused to refill the tray with more paint he turned and glanced at Sarah who had one hand touching her breasts and one at the top of her legs.

‘You ok honey?’

Will’s voice shook Sarah back to reality with a jolt, sending a strong urge from her bladder. She had to pee! Moving from foot to foot in an obvious pee dance she panted to Will.

‘I really need to pee Will. Can you help me move the furniture so I can go please?’

Will looked at Sarah in awe. The way her trainers bounced up and down slightly, the way her thighs rubbed, the way her legs bobbed up and down frantically, the way her bottom wiggled from side to side as she attempted to push the armchair along to get access to the only door to the stairs which lead to the only bathroom in her house...

Will was transfixed. His eyes fixed on one body, his heart beating fast, his mind whizzing and his penis throbbing. He could take his girlfriend right now, on the floor of her own lounge, so easily, so beautifully, so quickly even! She radiated sex appeal that even the worry of the paint drying uneven wasn’t enough to stop him getting closer to his beautiful princess.

Sarah tried pushing the armchair even though she knew the sofa, cabinet, bookcase, TV stand, coffee table and uplighter were all preventing it moving. Her need to release her bladder was consuming her thoughts and stopping her thinking rationally. She jumped as she felt Will’s arms reach around the side of her as he cradled her from behind, fondling her sensitive breasts and rubbing lightly on her bladder.

‘You know I love it when you are bursting darling!’

Sarah’s whole body burnt with passion and need as Will’s tongue kissed the back of her neck and nibbled her ear lobe. Sarah was so turned on but equally very uncomfortable with a full bladder that was unrelenting with its need to release.

‘Oh Will. I fancy you so much. I really do. You get me going honey so very much but...’

Will turned Sarah around and with one hand on her bottom and one behind her head he gently drew her close and kissed her deeply.

Will could kiss! Boy could he kiss! Sarah couldn’t resist as their tongues met and entwined and danced together as their lips interlinked and explored every millimetre of the other’s existence, sending waves of intense need and desire through every vein in her body. But the throbbing, the ache, and the agonising tingling between her legs was not only distracting but incredibly annoying. Even knowing what her desperate body was doing to Will Sarah couldn’t help but long to be alone and pee.

Sarah pulled back as another urge surged through her body.

‘Save that thought Will! We have the rest of the day, the rest of the week even...and we haven’t even finished the first wall...I’ll just go out the back door, in the front door, and run upstairs and I’ll be right back!

Before Will knew what was happening Sarah ran from his arms, squirming badly and he watched as she hobbled through the kitchen to the back door of her house where he knew she would have to then walk through her own garden, then two neighbours gardens then down the side of the end terraced house then along the path past the same two neighbours gardens then down her own drive and into her own house all before she could pee! He imagined the pressure between her legs, the huge amount of liquid he knew was inside her, and he wondered if she would make it all the way round it all before peeing herself. The very thought made him harder than ever as he watched the most beautiful girl in the world grab herself between her legs and march on the spot as she pulled the handle on her own back door down to get outside.

‘God no! It’s locked! The key is in my coat pocket...arghh...which is hanging up by the front door!’

*006*2020-09-06 23:28

Chapter 4:

Will glanced at the paint tray and unfinished wall for a second before being lead by his body as he walked into the kitchen longingly towards Sarah, who had one hand between her legs and the other still on the handle of the door as if it would somehow unlock itself magically. The wiggling of her bottom, the way her legs bounced and twisted, and her soft desperate moans were all taking Will to a place of no return. Breathlessly and nervously he mustered the courage to say something.

‘Can I help at all?’

‘Yes...yes! Oh God I think I’m going to have an accident Will. It’s just...I just can’t wait.’

Will was transfixed, his eyes wide and eager, his heart beating so fast he could hear it over Sarah’s voice, his mouth suddenly so dry and panting, his dick so hard and throbbing. His own need to pee still very much there but now superseded by another sexual need that was threatening to climax any moment.

‘Do you have a spare key? I always keep a spare key. It’s quite important you know. Maybe in the event of a fire, or you accidentally lose your key or...’

‘Will Highland I am on the verge of pissing myself here and you want to lecture me on the virtues and merits of having a bloody spare house key! I have no idea right this second where my spare key is and I don’t care! My knickers are getting wet and if you don’t help me I will be soaking wet any second. There’s...there’s a basin under the sink...please just get that...I am bursting honey!’

There was a fine line between love and hate and whilst Sarah adored Will hearing him lecture her on keys was causing an anger inside her yet she had never wanted to fuck Will so badly ever! The tension between her legs, the intensity of need and the desperation of her body making her equally as tense, in need, and desperate for sex with Will. Suddenly she felt so incredibly hot as sweat dripped down her forehead and at the back of her head making her hair wet and warm.

If something drastic didn’t happen soon her body would explode!

Shaking with nerves and excitement Will opened the under sink cupboard and found a basin easily. His ears rang with the beautiful sexy noise of Sarah’s overall rubbing as she squirmed and of her trainers bouncing off the tiled floor. Will closed his eyes, determined to record every second of this in his mind for future. His penis was hard, so hard, and every second intensified the pleasure.

‘Will quick! It’s coming out!’

In a haze of sexual allurement, adrenaline high and concern for Sarah, Will almost tripped over his own feet trying to get the basin to his girlfriend.

Red faced, hot and so sexually ready, Will handed the basin to Sarah, but she didn’t take it. Instead Will watched bleary eyed and panting as Sarah undid the buttons on her overall as quickly as she could and pulled it off her arms.

Seeing the basin was almost too much for Sarah as she felt urine start to dribble into her underwear. She wasn’t sure why Will was handing her the basin fully dressed and she really wanted to shake him for his craziness but as he stood there with a visible bulge between his legs, his hands shaking, his actions clumsy and his body so desirable she couldn’t help but love him so deeply and lustfully. Why did overalls come with such fiddly buttons though? Arghh she was going to make a huge puddle at this rate! She pulled the material down her shoulders and over her full bladder and, with great difficulty as she couldn’t stand still, finally down to her knees too. She tugged at her gym leggings struggling to get those down too.

Will was in awe of Sarah’s body. The t-shirt she had on revealed such stunning curves, such adorable breasts, Sarah’s erect nipples visible through both her bra and top. It was all Will could do to not reach out and touch her, instead idolising her with his eyes and nose. Oh he adored Sarah’s smell, like an oasis in a desert land, wild flowers in an overgrown field...the epitome of beauty and perfection. Now her legs...the most attractive tone, every hair enticing and drawing him in. Her thighs, so transfixing and inviting...his body shook with desire and lust.

Finally Sarah had all but her underpants down to her knees. Her hand grabbed at the gusset of her knickers and pressed tightly, now unable to squirm or she would trip over with her leggings and an overall scrunched from her knees down.

‘Will, I need help’

It was always Will needing help, not Sarah. Sarah was the leader, the strong one in the relationship, the supporter and helper, not the needy, vulnerable, helpless person she was right now.

Will looked at Sarah with compassion, awe and lust beyond his wildest dreams.

‘What...what do you want me to do?’

‘If I pull my knickers down Will would you hold the bowl between my legs. It’s coming out....NOW!’

*008*2020-09-07 16:01

Chapter 5:

Will flushed with heat burning from inside him. His heart pounding so fast and loud he thought it might jump out of his body. Shaking, but still holding the basin in both hands, he crouched down in front of Sarah, his eyes now level with her crotch. He could see the tension in her whole body now, the fast shaking, the hairs on her inner thighs standing on edge, her knuckles white with gripping her vagina so hard. Will never wanted this moment to end as adrenaline pumped through every organ inside his body.

Holding the basin steady with one hand Will quickly moved his other hand and cupped it firmly over Sarah’s, pressing hard against her crotch and feeling the pounding and dampness even through Sarah’s hand.

Sarah didn’t know wether to scream at Will or fuck him. What was taking so long to put a basin between her legs? The only thing preventing her aching bladder from exploding was her own hand. Legs spread, knees slightly bent, one hand gripping tightly to the nearby dining table to steady her, the other tightly gripping her vaginal lips for dear life. She needed Will to pull her knickers down, hold the basin between her legs and what did he do? He puts his hand on top of her own, which was over her knickers, leaving her no choice but to piss through them! She couldn’t work out if he was crazy or had this all planned? She had a sudden flashback to the time she pissed through her knickers accidentally at Starbucks and Will’s reaction that night when she gave him them. Wether this was planned or not she had no other choice anyway right now.

As Will’s hand felt Sarah’s as she massaged herself he longed to be closer still to the action. Swiftly and suddenly he pulled Sarah’s hand away from her crotch as he saw instantly how wet the crotch of her knickers was already. A fresh dribble formed instantly as Will slid the basin between Sarah’s legs, his fingers feeling the warmth and wetness as his hand clasped over Sarah’s knickers firmly.

‘I....I can’t hold back...’

Will knew exactly how Sarah felt as the heavens opened between Sarah’s legs suddenly and triumphantly as his own penis shook and throbbed so strongly he felt his own underwear fill with semen, dampening his boxers, seeping through his chinos, and threatening to show on his overall too, just as Sarah simultaneous pissed furiously through her knickers, Will’s palm and fingers, and filling the basin loud and fast.

Sarah steadied herself as her body relaxed and exploded, smiling as she saw Will’s eyes sparkle with lust as he stared open mouthed at pee pouring through her underwear, trickling steadily over his fingers and filling the basin that he was only just managing to balance one handed. Sarah reached down with the damp hand that had been gripping between her own legs rubbing her hands through Will’s shiny blond curls and feeling his warmth and masculinity. Her body might be pissing but her mind was fucking Will at the same time such was her passion and desire for the man knelt in front of her catching her own urine.

What felt like an eternity later Sarah finally stopped peeing, her underwear utterly drenched, her bladder finally empty, and Will’s hand warm, wet and smelly from her output. Time seemed to freeze as Sarah remained stuck where she was, unable to stand upright until Will removed the basin and unable to step out of her wet underwear until Will moved.

Will’s body had cum alright but he still longed for so much more. Trying to process the magnitude of the situation he paused to take in his options. Without verbal or visual instructions he wasn’t sure what exactly to do next so he relinquished control entirely to his body. Placing the basin on the floor he moved his head further between Sarah’s legs gazing longingly as a final stray droplet formed a tiny puddle in Sarah’s panties before dripping and running down her thigh. Will moved his head towards the drip, pulled his tongue out and licked Sarah’s thigh dry with his tongue, making Sarah giggle with excitement. He then used both hands to tug her panties down as he licked her vaginal lips, her clitoris and urethra dry with his tongue, tasting the delicious aroma of her urine as he did.

Sarah had thought her body could relax now but the pounding, thumping, longing and desire suddenly increased exponentially as Will licked her inner thigh then her tingling erogenous zones between her legs. He was about to take her to a place of no return, a place only he knew how to take her and a place she knew would be ecstatic in every way possible. She giggled, laughed and gave herself fully to the blond haired bearded man whose tongue was lighting up her entire world in more ways than she’d ever thought possible.

*012*2020-09-08 11:18

{{4 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Guys enough now! Lets give this duo some much needed privacy, lol. Everybody close your eyes!

Seriously this is EPIC! EPIC to the power 10!

}}

So glad you are enjoying it. There’s definitely chemistry between these two for sure!

Chapter 6:

Will had no idea what a woman’s personal anatomy was supposed to taste like but it exceeded any preconceived ideas he could have imagined. He breathed deeply taking in every millisecond of the experience and hoping to memorise every finite detail. He adored Sarah’s swollen and protruding clitoris, he devoured her warm moist lips and every single layer of skin that so perfectly formed Sarah’s vagina. He delighted as Sarah’s body enveloped his tongue, raptured as Sarah moaned, gasped and giggled as his tongue tickled, pleasured and pleased, and his own body shook with excitement as Sarah’s body consumed his wet tongue willingly.

Sarah turned to putty. Will’s tongue was like a feather tickling her, a vacuum sucking her, a magnet drawing her. The more he explored her the more she felt delirious and dizzy. Her body craved for more and she happily released herself entirely to Will, freely laughing, shaking and releasing every emotion at once. She’d used toys often and more recently had incredible sex with Will but this was something else. She’d never been taken by someone orally and it exceeded everything she’d ever thought it could be.

Will knew right away when Sarah climaxed. There was no mistaking the way her body shook, the way her head went back, the incredible noise she made. Will’s entire face was wet with her juices but as he slowly withdraw his head from between her legs and stared adoringly at Sarah in post orgasmic state, still panting and smiling tears began to moisten his already wet face. If there was such a place as heaven he knew he had just experienced it here in Sarah’s kitchen right between her back door and her small kitchen table. For a minute he couldn’t even recall how they had got here and as he watched Sarah lift her head he glanced at the basin full of urine on the table and instantly his own body reminded him how full his own bladder was. He instinctively reached down to his crotch to rub his penis and was taken aback to feel how wet it was.

Sarah was dazed and delirious for a moment as she recovered from her orgasm. Looking right at Will she smiled embarrassingly to see white and clear mucus on his cheeks and beard mixed with tears running down his cheek which seemed in stark contrast to the grin on his face. Will was an oxymoron sometimes and right now more than ever. She watched as his grin turned to tension almost immediately and his body stance went from crouched to standing and bend over quickly.

She cleared her throat and tried to form words.

‘Are you Ok Will?’

‘Emmm....I really need upstairs. Quickly! Can you help me move the furniture please?’

Sarah shook her head as if to wake herself up. She quickly pulled her soaking wet knickers back up, hearing them squelch as she pulled her gym leggings on top. Rather than bother with the overall she quickly stepped out of it as her brain tried to understand what was going on with Will. Suddenly it all made sense...the way he was standing, his red flushed face, the empty mugs and glasses on the draining board...of course!

Will was bursting for the toilet and urgently needed her help to get to the bathroom. She looked at his agonising expression, the way he clutched at his crotch, the way he was bent forwards, legs slightly apart, the way his other leg was bouncing and shaking.

Sarah looked at Will, looked into the lounge with the covered furniture blocking the door and then back at Will.

He didn’t look like he was in any state to be able to help push and move furniture and she’d already tried herself unsuccessfully. Suddenly she had an idea. The question was would Will manage to do it?

*014*2020-09-09 11:01

{{3 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

HOLY COW! When I thought that what more could be at offer after book 1, you keep dropping surprises and raise the bar! I could never imagine that I would bust a load merely reading a story. Well that changed today.

Now, if you excuse me I got some pressing matters to take care of. . .

}}

One of the highest compliments an erotic author could get! Thank you. So glad you are enjoying it so far...

*015*2020-09-09 12:38

{{4 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

HOLY COW! When I thought that what more could be at offer after book 1, you keep dropping surprises and raise the bar! I could never imagine that I would bust a load merely reading a story. Well that changed today.

Now, if you excuse me I got some pressing matters to take care of. . .

}}

One of the highest compliments an erotic author could get! Thank you. So glad you are enjoying it so far...

Chapter 7:

Having been the leader taking Sarah to new and indulgent territory just moments before Will now felt so terrified, so dependent, so absolutely desperate for relief. The thought that had this been a normal day at work where he would readily hold his bladder all day long conflicted him. How could he possibly be in such urgent need when it was only late morning, midday at most? Why was his bladder failing him when it had so faithfully stood firm for so many years? Feelings of failure washed over him once again as his hand felt the wet patch from earlier on his overall and his brain replayed the horror of his significant wetting at school aged 10. He’d fought valiantly for the past almost 19 years to conquer his body, even to the extreme extent of only being able to pee in his own home, and now here he was fighting off strong bladder spasms that were putting such intense pressure on his body he was weighted under the burden of its grasp.

He needed Sarah now. She just had to move things out his way, prepare a pathway for him like she’d done so many times before, and then it would all be ok.

Except she wasn’t moving fast enough and his body was crippling with the intensity of the load it had to bare.

Sarah couldn’t see Will suffer. He’d just brought her so much pleasure she owed it to him to help him in his time of need. She stepped towards Will, and while his own hands massaged his crotch and bladder, she swiftly and promptly pulled down the sleeves of his overall and yanked it down over his descended bladder and down over his light coloured chinos, seeing clearly the shape of his half erect penis through his trousers even with his hands tightly gripping and rubbing.

Will didn’t object at all as Sarah approached him and undid the buttons on his overall before pulling it down over both arms and tugging it over his clothes to his knees. He loved Sarah’s hands touching him and helping him, though he still couldn’t dare lose concentration for a split second or his penis would explode. Oh how he ached to urinate. His entire body pulsed with need, from his curled tensed toes to his sweating forehead. But now his overall hung from his knees it was impossible to walk, let alone access, the upstairs bathroom even if the way had been clear. Will moaned as another surge engulfed him and he felt warm liquid once again surge the length of his dick. 

The second before eruption always gave him an adrenaline high, a unique mix of sexual climax and excitement so similar to being about to cum. It’s like the two were inexplicably linked in his mind and could not be separated. He gulped and turned red as the tip of his dick dribbled into his already damp boxers as it prepared for full relief.

Sarah shivered at Will’s moan. She could easily touch herself and climax a second time but she knew Will’s need was far greater than hers. Sacrificially she ignored her own desire and concentrated fully on the man she loved. Grabbing the basin she had just peed in herself less than 15 minutes ago she placed it on the floor as she tried, and failed, to undo the clip of Will’s trousers. His constant moving, gripping and the extension of his bladder made pulling his trousers down impossible. She had to go with plan B.

Efficiently and suddenly she grasped at Will’s fly and somehow managed to unzip it despite his clutching and grabbing. How she had longed for so many years to be able to fish a bursting penis out of a man’s open fly for him and now she was actually doing it! She just never imagined it would be for a man she first met in her counselling office and to happen in her own kitchen!

With no words necessary she pushed her hand inside Will’s open fly knowing exactly where to feel for his quivering dick. Grabbing Will’s damp half erect member she attempted to pull it into the open, wondering why she was struggling then suddenly realising she hadn’t went inside Will’s boxers!

Will wished he could press fast forward on Sarah’s actions. He understood exactly what she was trying to do the second she placed the basin of her own still warm urine on the ground. He looked at the pale yellow liquid with a mix of jealously and frustration. How easily Sarah had actually pissed even with her knickers on. Was this how other people peed? Was it really that simple? Yes he’d had a few breakthrough moments of pissing with Sarah’s support but still, even a month after meeting her, he still couldn’t fully pee in any other toilet other than hers or his own. Anxiety overruled his body more times that Will could admit.

Meanwhile his beloved angel was clearly trying to help him and he had to follow her lead. Yet when she pressed against his swollen bladder to try and undo his trousers he wanted to shout at her and swear! It was almost more than he could bare. But feeling her hand reach in his crotch through his open fly; now that was something very sexual and special indeed. He’d longed for a woman to do that for more years that he could remember and here it was suddenly happening. Despite being full of urine he could feel his penis respond to her touch even through his boxers. He closed his eyes as another dribble leaked and he tried not to laugh with excitement as Sarah finally realised she also needed to touch him through his boxers if she had any hope of getting his penis out in the open. He tried to hold back, for her sake as much as his own, as he waited those frantic seconds as his lover finally brought his penis into the open.

Sarah gazed dreamily at Will’s anatomy in her hand. No matter how often she saw it, touched it, felt it, it always made her excited and aroused. With one hand aiming Will’s wonderful willy at the basin she pushed her other hand between the legs of her gym leggings and rubbed, hearing the beautiful sound of soaked knickers against her leggings and feeling the scrumptious warm wetness against her crotch.

All the was needed now was for Will to relax.

*018*2020-09-10 10:04

Chapter 8:

Wether it was the sound of Sarah squelching her wet underwear between her legs or the electric touch of her hand on his penis, or both, Will didn’t know. What he did know though was that his penis was suddenly hard again, very hard indeed, which made the experience all the more beautiful but didn’t help his aching bladder one bit. He knew he had to pee so much though so he closed his eyes and tried to imagine his toilet in his own apartment as he’d been trying to master for weeks now with Sarah’s help. The urine that had raced down his urethra surged to the tip of his penis but then Sarah pulled his foreskin back and ran her thumb over the exposed top of his penis and no more than a drip escaped.

‘Is this helping honey?’

‘Oh God Sarah!’

Sarah so desperately wanted to feel Will’s warm urine on her hand just like Will had done for her. Despite having just orgasmed she shook with desire again and longed for Will with every fibre of her being. It was instinctive to slide the excess skin away a little and swirl her thumb over the sensitive moist head of Will’s dick. It felt so soft, so moist, and so tender, and when a drop of warm liquid seeped out she rubbed her thumb around then raised it to her lips and sucked it.

She wasn’t sure if she was helping Will or not but she knew without a doubt that she was helping her own body cum again as her panties squelched with more than just wetness from her earlier wetting. Continuing to rhythmically stroke herself she was curious if Will would manage to pee through his erection this time like he had once or twice before or wether he would be too overwhelmed at the thought of pissing in a basin already full of her pee. Will had huge issues with going to the toilet and she of all people knew it. Maybe this wasn’t the time to be asking him but she never was great at keeping quiet at times of excitement.

‘Hey this reminds me of the time in McDonald’s Will. You remember when you text me and we were caught up in traffic, both desperate, and I suggested McDonald’s? I still can’t believe how much you pissed that night honey. It went everywhere! And seriously was that really your first time ever having a McDonald’s?’

Will was confused, dying for the toilet but so ravenously horny for Sarah he couldn’t even answer his name right now let alone think back to a month ago and being caught in traffic after work one Friday, the night after first meeting Sarah. Of course he remembered that glorious pee in the disabled toilets in McDonald’s but what had that to do with right now, in Sarah’s kitchen, utterly crippled with a need to pee but struggling to go due to sexual excitement and with an overall tangled at his feet? Will needed time to process the barrage of memories, emotions and sensory stimuli he was experiencing all at once. Forming coherent words just wasn’t going to happen.

‘Mmmmmm.’

Sarah smiled as she continued to stroke and explore Will’s dick freely as her own mind ran 100 miles an hour with a complex mix of emotions, desire and curiously. Will seemed flustered, stressed and perhaps even in pain. His mouth pursed, his cheeks red and flushed and his eyes filling with tears she had flashbacks to the day she first met him and how he couldn’t pee at her work despite his body being in agony in desperation. She tried to recall what she did that day to help and remembered fetching him a glass of water to try and relax him. Looking at the kitchen sink she thought about repeating that but then quickly realised that unless she let go of Will’s penis and risk not feeling him pee this wouldn’t work. She needed to think out of the box this time because right now Will needed support and he was relying on her once again to find a way to help him break through.

Sarah scanned the room quickly and hit on a ridiculous but exciting thought. It couldn’t do any harm to try...

Carefully Sarah bend down and lifted the urine filled basin up closer to Will’s body, steadying it between her hand and her own stomach. Removing her hard from between her legs she took one of Will’s hands and gently swirled his hand and her own in the still warm liquid hoping to stimulate the let down reflex in Will’s brain to allow him to pee. His hand was warm and strong but rigid and tense. Sarah splashed a little of her own pee over Will’s erect penis and watched as his eyes sparkled and shone. He didn’t need to say anything more as his body said everything necessary.

But still Will hadn’t peed.

*020*2020-09-11 13:07

Chapter 9:

Replacing the basin on the floor Sarah let go of Will’s hand , leaving Will standing with his erect penis hanging out of his trousers, and in the quietness even hearing his heart beating so fast. He still couldn’t move as his own overall hung lifeless at his feet. Risking being soaked by her lovers bursting bladder Sarah bent down to her knees and lifted first one of Will’s feet then the other as she carefully pulled his overall free. Every part of Will’s body was tense as he stood silently watching her. Sexual tension was one thing but being so tense your body can’t release a huge build up of excess fluid was something else altogether and Sarah genuinely worried about the health consequences Will faced by being unable to pee when needed.

There was no denying she adored seeing her boyfriend piss but she also cared about him much more than that and right now she feared he might faint or vomit due to being unable to release the toxins built up inside him. He needed to relax in order to pee and she was on a mission to make him do just that.

Will felt frozen to the spot with fear. His bladder hurt it was so full, his lower back ached and his penis stung he had to pee so badly, yet here he was in his beloved’s kitchen with his penis out and a basin in front of him and yet try as he might nothing would come out. What must Sarah think of him right now? How could she respect a man who couldn’t work his own body, who couldn’t just pee when he needed to? The more he thought about it the more tense he became and when Sarah pulled one foot off the floor to pull off his overall Will almost lost his balance completely as anxiety made him dizzy. He looked down as Sarah bend over in front of him seeing her stunning auburn hair and longing to run his fingers through it as he had done so many times before. But until he had emptied his bladder he knew nothing else would help him.

Sarah pulled a seat over and sat herself down, smiling gently at Will as she beckoned to him to do the same, as she slid the basin between them on the floor.

Will stood anxiously looking as Sarah sat down and gestured for him to do the same. What was she thinking of? Will couldn’t work out what her plans were as he tried to remember why he was even at Sarah’s house to start with. He suddenly couldn’t think what the day was, or the time, or why he wasn’t at work. It was as if he was in a daze of panic due to having so much excess fluid in his body that somehow defied biology and wouldn’t come out. He absolutely needed to sit down before he fell as he leaned behind himself feeling for Sarah’s dining chair and sat down, pulling the seat forwards so he could reach Sarah, his penis still hanging loosely outside his clothing, now just slightly erect but with the foreskin still pulled back.

‘Will sit like this with your legs parted. That way when you leak your trousers won’t get soaked. I’ve done in before on these chairs and it works. The urine goes between the wooden slats onto the floor and keeps your legs dry. This way you can just chat and if you pee it won’t matter. Just breathe and try and relax.’

Will copied Sarah and parted his legs, leaning forwards a little so his penis aimed at the chair he sat on rather than his light chinos. Will looked down to see the slats Sarah had mentioned as his mind suddenly replayed a sentence over that Sarah had just said. Had he heard her right? Had she just said she had sat on these very chairs and pissed herself before? He cleared his throat and whispered.

‘Have you...have you wet yourself sitting here before?’

‘Absolutely Will! I often sit here on my laptop reading online articles, books, emails and answering calls whilst drinking tea and many times I have found myself so bursting, so desperate, so needy, that despite fidgeting and squirming I just can’t hold on. If I have a skirt I often sit like this and either piss through my panties or pull the crotch aside and relax. It’s a tiled floor and easily mopped Will.’

Hearing Sarah’s voice, imagining her squirming on the very chair she sat on now, then thinking of her pulling her knicker’s crotch aside and pissing instantly made Will hard again yet incredibly, somehow, a decent sized squirt of pee jetted out regardless and splashed loudly into the basin, mixing seamlessly with Sarah’s. Will looked down at the basin and a sudden thought came to him which he had to ask Sarah right now.

*021*2020-09-12 12:07

Chapter 10:

There was something familiar about the basin his pee had just landed in. Why hadn’t he noticed it sooner?

Looking down at the basin of urine on the floor in front of him Will blinked then looked up at Sarah.

‘Sarah where did you get this basin?’

‘I don’t remember Will. Does it matter?’

‘It’s just the shape; more rounded rectangular than traditional circular, the colour, obsidian black if I am not mistaken? Even the grain of the plastic, the glint, the depth of the turn...I once spent hours searching online for a sink bowl just like that. You know the only place I could get one from was France would you believe. And yes I did pay to get it delivered but I ordered matching kitchen utensils, a brilliant draining board and pots with the exact same shade of black handle. I like matching and I just can’t believe you actually have the very same bowl Sarah. How incredible is that? Don’t you just love that shade?’

Will was animated, relaxed and saying more than he had since arriving at Sarah’s house three hours previously. As he picked up the basin holding Sarah’s urine to examine it more both Will and Sarah were shocked when Will’s penis suddenly seemed to come alive and a long spurt of urine arched out and was caught by Will inside the very basin he had a sudden interest in.

Sarah was bemused by Will’s fascination in a everyday simple item. She certainly hadn’t searched for hours for a cheap kitchen item and had more than likely just put it in her trolley at the supermarket when shopping for food or picked it up at a bargain shop in the retail park. Neither the colour nor the shape meant anything to her and come to think of it she couldn’t even recall that she’d even picked up a black one whenever she had bought one. She even had a sudden but vague memory that her washing up bowl was in fact navy blue. She stood up and strained to look inside her sink seeing the edge of her own washing basin still in the sink where it belonged. Sitting back down she tried to think where the one in Will’s shaking damp hands had come from.

Seeing Will’s hands tremble and almost drop the plastic basin full of urine Sarah reached over and placed her hands on top of Will’s, pulling her chair closer as the basin now rested between Will’s knees. As her hands touched Will’s her eyes fixed carefully on Will’s penis which now hung just above the bowl and from which urine was steadily dripping. Sarah knew better than to bring this fact to Will’s attention, realising instantly that in doing so his body would once again clam up and he would be left unable to pee yet again.

Touching the black basin, which Will seemed to still be staring at and examining visually in detail, brought a clear flashback to Sarah and she instantly remembered a moment so clear it was as if it had just happened.

‘Will I’ve just remembered something! This IS your basin silly! Did you store it under your sink upside down over your cleaning products? Remember the night we went to The Starling? You got out your car in the car park at your apartment and got into my car and you...well you remember now? I came into yours and while you showered I went into your kitchen and got some towels, cloths, cleaning spray and lifted this basin from under your sink....it was in my car all that night and I must have just brought it into mine and put it under my sink and forgotten all about it. I’m sorry honey. I had no idea you were missing it!’

Will shifted his gaze from the bowl to Sarah as she spoke, concentrating on the bridge of her nose because eye contact wasn’t natural and often overwhelming. He watched as her cheeks turned a powdery pink, her mouth moved beautifully as she spoke and her nose twitched every so slightly. His beautiful princess, his angel, so perfect and alluring, so forgiving and understanding and now bringing back fond memories his mind was already replaying. Yes he’d missed that basin, even feeling stressed and confused as to it’s whereabouts often, but all could be forgiven when he thought about the reason Sarah had it.

Will pulled Sarah closer, his fingers running through her shiny auburn hair once again, his tongue exploring every detail of hers, his penis hardening but still hanging outside his trousers and the basin wedged between his knees as his feet gripped the back legs of the chair and hooked behind them and his knees pressed the basin firmly. Sarah’s body pulled closer still, her own knees straddling the basin and ensuring it didn’t fall as her hands held Will’s face as they kissed deeply.

All the while just as it did back the night Will had an accident in Sarah’s car while they kissed in much the same way, Will’s penis oozed loudly and steadily with warm urine as his bladder finally relaxed and emptied into the bowl as Will’s mind and body consumed itself with Sarah in every way possible. Sarah wanted to fuck Will like crazy and hearing him piss so long only intensified that feeling greatly.

If this was what it took to help Will pee she was willing to help him all day everyday for however many years it took.

*023*2020-09-12 21:04

{{5 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

WIll has such childlike innocence!

I imagine this to be in slow motion with pink flowers and stars floating in the background as Sarah spoke and Will watched. Will is lost and barely hears a word. There's some kind of romantic melody going on in his ears and oh...well, nuff said!

This is SO AWESOME! SO TENDER! SO LOVEY DOVEY!

}}

Will is most definitely hooked by Sarah in every way. He’s also such a great guy to write about as so much to his character. It’s great to hear responses from readers as it really encourages me to write more. Thank you for reading and taking the time to comment...it’s hugely appreciated!

*024*2020-09-13 08:57

Chapter 11:

Thud. Splash.

Will pulled away anxiously as the full basin dropped to the ground as his knees gave way under the weight. Incredibly very little urine had leaked as he stood back and his eyes rose from the basin to Sarah’s feet, then her ankles, her knees, thighs, waist, stomach, breasts, shoulders, neck and face, stopping in a trance as his eyes met Sarah’s. Her eyes twinkled and radiated and although Will found eye contact unnerving on this occasion he felt almost spell bound. Not for the first time today could he easily make love to the woman of his dreams.

Yet as his body finally relaxed completely and his breathing returned to normal his brain recalled the fact that he had come to decorate not have sex as his eyes caught the two overalls in his peripheral vision. He stood up, quickly tucking his penis back inside his underwear and trousers, shook himself and stepped back.

‘Sorry Sarah. I’m not sure what happened. I only came in here to help you unlock your door. I’ll clean up this basin and then get on with the decorating.’

And at that he quickly picked up the urine filled basin, poured the contents down the sink and washed out the bowl as Sarah stood watching him.

‘Will, it’s ok. There’s no need to apologise for peeing. You do that a lot I’ve noticed. Why is that do you think? We all pee Will. We can’t hold onto water in our bodies forever can we? You are human, not a machine. A very sexy human by the way. Hey don’t forget that’s your basin will you? What shade was it you said it was? It’s just black to me.’

‘Obsidian. It’s Obsidian.’

Sarah smiled as she watched Will sit the basin on the worktop upside down to dry as he shook his overall and climbed in. The hair at the back of his head was still damp and Sarah longed to run her fingers through it but she knew enough about Will now to know he only had one thing on his mind now and she could see his anxiety building that he had gone off schedule. Not for the first time she wondered how he coped all day at work without peeing especially given the amount his body had just produced. She suddenly remembered something as she leaned on the doorway to the main room where Will now was and quietly called in to him.

‘Will, did you ever complete that grid I sent you? You know the one when we first met when you came for counselling? It was about how much you drank and how often you released?’

Will was focussed on painting. He hated questions, or too many demands placed on him, and he was refilling a tray with paint right now and focussed on the task at hand. He wasn’t sure he wanted to recall 5 minutes ago let alone weeks ago. He shrugged his shoulders hoping that would be enough for Sarah.

Sarah could see now wasn’t the time. Will was hyper focused again, now rolling paint up and down on her wall in an orderly fashion as he had before. He was a funny man, one minute licking urine off her legs and taking her to a place sexually she’d never knew existed then the next minute unable to answer a simple question. But he was fascinating, handsome, very practical, organised, gentle and above all he turned her on like no-one ever had. She decided to let any thoughts of pee or trying to counsel Will out her head for now and leave him to do what he felt he needed. He didn’t want to talk, he didn’t even appear to want her in the room with him for now, and that was ok.

Instead she opened her fridge and decided she could at least make them both something to eat. She could really go a cup of tea to calm down and she was sure Will wouldn’t refuse a coffee either. In fact, Sarah thought, now was as good a time as any to show him how she’d been practicing making his favourite caramel macchiato.

