Waiting at the Warehouse

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2021-09-12 22:50

Yelinda’s foot was tapping aggressively as she waited for the truck driver to finish signing the forms to drop his trailer at their warehouse. Her right leg squeezed over her left knee as the right foot came off the ground and she squeezed her pussy shut in her tight blue jeans as the pressure from her morning coffee became more unbearable. She had her arms crossed over her chest in her white and pink sweater, making the duck face with her lips as she struggled to contain the massive painful pressure within herself.

A drop of sweat fell down the side of her head as she saw the truck driver pause on signing the papers and started reading through them. This was all basic paperwork, same everywhere, every time, of all the times to be anal! Yelinda didn’t know how much more she could take the pressure in her abdomen was expanding past a breaking point and it was hard and painful to keep in. Her hips shifting back snd forth as her legs squeezed only did so much.

“Come on come on!” She said under her breath.

“Ok,” the driver said. “That should do it.”

Yelinda smiled and rushed filing the paper and waved the driver off, expecting him to see himself out. Yelinda was BURSTING to pee. Her coffees had formed into heavy urine and was BUSTING to come out.

She did the funny pee run to the bathroom keeping her legs tight together, her forehead becoming wetter form nerves and sweat. And just as she turned the corner and reached the women’s room she was stunned in place with her eyes wide and jaw dropped at the sight: a large machine was in the doorway to the ladies room, and another connected through the men’s room. That’s right, she let these guys in earlier to do maintenance on the downstairs plumbing.

Yelinda was biting her lips and bouncing in place, being so close to the bathroom, yet so far from relief. It made the pain in her bladder worse and she had to close her eyes to focus on not having an huge accident right there as her body nearly gave out.

“Ooooooooh! Gotta go!” She moaned. Then she realized, there was a one person family restroom upstairs. She ran across the hall, up the stairs and saw relief as the toilet was right there just a few yards away. She let out a breath of relief, and then another worker walked right in there and shut the door.”

To be continued…..

*001*2021-09-13 15:28

Part 2

Yelinda’s legs remained tight together, knees bent and rubbing over each other as if it felt like two wrestlers were tossing each other around in her abdomen. Sweat continued to pour down her sweet, tan skin, her rolled up hair frizzing. She was shaking on and off, trying not to continually bounce in case others walked by. She wrapped her arms around herself and her whole body became tense.

“Oh, come on!” She squealed, tapping in her black boots.

Just then a tall blonde named Melanie came over in her tight tan pants and blue shirt, looking desperate as well.

“Are…are you waiting for the bathroom?”

Yalinda stared at her with an expression asking, really? “No, I’m just waiting outside th…this door,” she started to stutter as the bladder pulses became worse. “T…o wait for lunch.”

“Lunch? But this is the bathroom.” Wow, she really was a blonde.

Yelinda bit in her bottom lip and sighed. “Of course I’m waiting for the bathroom!” She kept one arm wrapped around herself and placed a hand between her legs as she continued squeezing them together. “I have to go soooooo bad!” She started to bounce aggressively.

Melinda shuffled her fingers in her hands. “So…no chance I could possibly cut you?”

“Sure.”

“R…really?”

Yelinda stared at her the same way she had before. “Sure! I’m clearly not ready to burst here or anything.”

“Then why do you look so freaked out?”

Yelinda growled. “Oh. Because I’m just stressed over a business meeting I have later.”

“I didn’t know receivers have business meetings. You usually just check the trucks and supplies in.”

Yelinda, between her exploding bladder which was ten folds of massive pain by now that were one pulse after the other has both hands between her legs and was bouncing foot to foot, hunched over. “Oh yeah, b…but we have super cool meetings about how to check in that stuff. That’s why I’m here. Here to think about what to say.”

“So you don’t have to go then?”

Man, how was this girl so dense. Could she not see how desperate Yelinda was?

“No not at all! I’m just dancing like crazy out here because I’m totally not about to b…bust…l Yelinda squeezed everything she was worth as she felt herself start to leak, catching at the last minute.

That’s when the bathroom door opened and the occupant left. Melinda dashed in front of Yelinda leaving the exploding woman in shock.

Well thanks then,” Melinda said. “Cause I’m dying.” She shut the door, and Yelinda tried pushing it, but it was already closed and locked, leaving her ready to burst in the hall.

“Hey I was next let me in!” yelinda yelled in panic. She wrestled with the door knob snd then fell to the ground grabbing herself. “Ooooooh I can’t hold it anymore.”

To be continued

*002*2021-09-13 23:30

Finale

Yelinda continued to wrestle with the door handle. Her pussy boiled and abdomen enlarged with such intensity she was merely fighting a losing battle. Her urine slowly inched out of her pee hole and was seconds from splattering over her bottom and flooding her pants. She was sweating in complete panic as the shock and fear from the possible humiliation became too severe to think about.

One hand had to remain between her clamped legs as her feet shuffled. Her eyes closed, teeth grinded, and sweat a waterfall down her face and arms. The feeling of so much moisture on her making her have to go even more.

“Come on! You gotta hurry up!” Yelinda said to the selfish coworker, Melinda, who took the toilet from her. “Ooooooooh! Are you almost done, please I’m gonna have an accident!”

“Just, give me a bit,” Melinda said from the other side of the door, sounding frustrated. “I thought you didn’t even have to go?”

“I WAS CLEARLY BEING SARCASTIC! DID YOU NOT SEE ME BOUNCING AROUND AND CROSSING MY FUCKING LEGS OUT HERE?”

Melinda let out an utter cry. “Well! No reason to be so rude!”

Yelinda’s lower belly was popping out from under her shirt, her strength diminished as she could feel the pee getting closer and closer toward exiting her body. She had both hands between her legs as she bounced bent over, head down.

“W…w…why is this happening?” She cried. “I work hard everyday, every fucking day! “I just have to pee. I barely ever have time to pee, always having to wait until the last minute. GOOOOOOD!” She knocked hard on the door again. “Melinda, pl…pl-please! Please, I’m sorry for before, but I’m seriously about to pee my pants.”

“Wait until I’m done.”

Yelinda, the poor, sad, desperate woman, shook her head. Disbelieving the predicament she was in. “Oh no…”. It was happening.

It was very small, but even as Yelinda held with all of her might, squeezing every last muscle and even closing her eyes to focus all her strength on keeping her bladder under control, it started. A couple drops spurted out of her pussy and damped her panties. A warm hint felt on her bottom. As things got serious, she waved her hips back and forth, trying to shake the pain away. Alas, it was no good.

She knocked again. “MelinnnnnnnnddddddA!”

“Washing my hands,” she said from behind the door, flushing the toilet, sending shockwaves to the poor woman outside, forcing Yelinda to pull her jean’s zipper down and shoved her fingers on not herself. A bit aroused, she dug deep and tried to plug up her urethra.

Just then, the lunch bell rang, and soon enough, the hall was full of coworkers of the warehouse. People Yelinda knew and worked with for years. People she developed a reputation with. All which was about to be lost in a watery mess.

“Th…this c-c-cannot be h-happening.” Through her clenched muscles, fingers, all being a laughable sight for her passing coworkers, making Yelinda turn red, a spurt escaped and then a large burst of aggressive flowing urine soared out of her body. “NOOOOOOOOOOOO! PLEASE NOOOOOO!” She cried.

But it was no use. Nothing could stop the flow. Her jeans darkened and went from damped to soaked in seconds, completely covered snd filled with urine. Streams of pee fell down her legs and into her shoes and socks, all over her feet. The shaking from panic as her heart rate picked up did no good in stopping it, and only made it come out faster if anything. Once her shoes were filled, a round yellow puddle started to grow around her.

“Oh my god she’s peeing herself,” one coworker woman said.

“I can’t believe this, photo of the years,” another guy said, as him and others took pictures.

After close to two, long minutes, her pee streamed died down and stopped. Her bladder aching from having held for so long. Her belly hurting so badly without thinking she clenched her butt cheeks together. “Oh no,” but no good. The discomfort in her abdomen caused her bowels to come out and mixed with the urine, poop filled everything. Her once light blue jeans now dark and brown with yellow thin lines engraved in them. Yelinda, a grown attractive woman had an embarrassing accident in front of almost everyone she knew.

“Holy crap!” Said Melinda who came out, couldn’t help but giggle at the poor, trauamtized Yelinda whose face was soaked with tears.

She gasped a few times before running away, and landing on her knees outside the warehouse in complete humiliation. Hating her life, unable to believe it, and very uncomfortable from the mess in her pants.

The end.

*003*2021-09-14 00:12

If possible let me know how you liked the story

Thanks

*005*2022-03-04 04:13

{{On 3/2/2022 at 7:57 PM, LifeIsStrange said:

I thought you did a pretty good job of capturing the characters panic and desperation.

}}

