[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 12

Author: Misteriousmr

*275*2017-10-26 14:40

*treep! treep!*

Chloe picked up her phone. She had just come out of the shower and was sitting on the bed in the hotelroom.

"Hello?"

"Hey! Congrats on beating the final gym!" it was Dexio "We will send a ship to pick you up tomorrow! Are you ready for your next adventure?"

"Thanks! Tomorrow? That's fast. How come we go so quickly" she asked

"The writer wants to advance the plot a bit"

"Ah yeah, that makes sense. Where do we get on?"

"If you head west from where you are now, you'll come upon a small town called Itineraqua, that's where will be at around 13:00"

"Neat! See you there!"

"See you there, don't forget your tickets!"

Dexio hung up and Chloe put the phone down. Emily was looking at her from the other side of the bed.

"It was Dexio" Chloe explained "We're leaving for a that other region tomorrow!"

"Awesome! I bet it's going to be totally chill and not at all dangerous with new Pokémon and threats we've never encountered before!"

"Don't jinx it!" Chloe teased.

"Hey! You two! Over here!"

Dexio was waving at the duo from the docks. The town was small and reeked of fish. There was a white, yacht-like ship next to Dexio, Chloe guessed that was their transport.

"Well, you've got your tickets?"

The tickets were small, green rectangles with a round end that had a Pokéball print. Dexio took the tickets and ripped the end of, splitting the Pokéball along the black line, before giving it back to the two.

"Go on ahead, you're sharing a room, I hope that's not too much of a bother" he winked cheekily, Chloe and Emily smiled back before boarding the ship.

"Oh, also..." Dexio yelled from the dock, "it's a journey of about 20 hours, so I hope you have something to enjoy yourselves!"

"Is there a bed?" Emily asked

"Yes, but-"

"Is there food?"

"Well, yeah, b-"

"Then I'll be fine!" Emily said cheerily, before walking onto the ship.

Chloe felt a pang of stress as she saw her home country become smaller and smaller on the horizon. Both her and Emily had called their parents the evening before, and though they didn't have enough time to meet up, they said their goodbyes. She suddenly felt two warm arms wrap around her from behind.

"Don't worry, it's gonna be great..." Emily murmured in Chloe's ear, "It's gonna be awesome..."

TO BE CONTINUED BUT ELSEWHERE OOOH EXCITING!

$$

$$

$$

$$

*278*2017-12-14 22:42

{{On 12/13/2017 at 10:06 AM, VoxyRox said:

How's that update going?

}}

My laptop died, more specifically, the charging jack inside the laptop has gotten loose, it is currently being worked on. Though my PC is up and running after being decommissioned 2 years, it's downstairs in the living room, and writing an omo fic when my mom or sister can waltz in at any second... My laptop should be back within a week, but I can't promisse anything. It also had a file containing info on another omo fic I was planning on doing, which, of course, has been postponed as well.

*279*2018-02-20 22:48

Hey, it's the once-a-year update to this thread!

So, I'm not going to lie, this thread has been on my mind almost daily the past couple of months, but for some reason I find it difficult to return to create new posts. I'm honestly not sure why. I like this story, I like where it's going, I have plans, and I've received nothing but praise from you guys, there shouldn't be a reason for me to be this hesitant, and yet...I am.

So, here's what I'm going to do: I AM GOING TO POST ON THIS THREAD TOMORROW. I don't know at what time or how good the post will be, but I just need to bite the bullet and regain my enthusiasm for this thread. So, get excited, because I've got some grand ideas for the future!

Xxx,

Glenn

*280*2018-02-21 20:24

A warm breeze brushed through Chloe's hair. The air had gotten a bit warmer since they left, and it felt especially warm after their recent romp through a frozen mountaintop. She looked at the water, where she saw multiple fish Pokémon swim by. She saw the wavering light from Lumineons fins, sometimes a flash of Chinchou's lanterns and she could've sworn she saw a Sharpedo rocket by at one point. Emily had gone to bed, as it was approaching midnight. Chloe took a few steps back from the rails and the rushing water and sat down on a lounge chair on the deck, looking at the stars.

This far away from the land the stars shone brighter than she'd ever seen them. A beautiful full moon hung overhead. Full moon? She looked closer. It appeared like a large part of the moon melted away, like it had become the inverse of a crescent moon. A small but bright purple light appeared for a second before disappearing, taking the shadow with it. Chloe sat there for a second, before shaking her head and dismissing the image. She closed her eyes for a second, breathing in the salty air of the sea. She'd been on the boat for about 10 hours now.

An odd sound made her open her eyes.

Hui-huiddidy

It was a Pokémon cry for sure, but she'd never heard anything like it. It had an odd, echo-like sound behind it, and near the end it had a tone getting higher. It sounded like some otherworldy being.

Hui-huiddidy

There it was again. It sounded far away, yet she could hear it clearly. She scoured the night sky, but nothing got her attention. Did it come from the water? She stood up and peered into the water.

Hui-huiddidy

No, it was definitely above her. She squinted while looking up. Stars, stars, moon, stars...nothing out of the ordinary. Or...was there? There was a specificly bright star. Had it always been there? Was it always that bright?

Hui-huiddidy

Her eyes widened as she saw the star elongating, becoming a slit in the night sky of bright light. It looked like it was going to fold open, but before it did, it collapsed in on itself, becoming a deep black once more, like nothing had ever been there.

Chloe decided she'd been up for too long, and quickly went to bed...

TO BE CONTINUED I KNOW IT WAS SHORT BUT COME ON MAN GIMME A BREAK I GOTTA GO I HAVE THINGS TO DO

*282*2018-03-14 00:08

Chloe and Emily were sitting on the deck, bathing in the sun. Emily was wearing a black tank top and Chloe wearing a soft pink T-shirt with matching pink sunglasses. Both had short blue jeans, though Chloes' ended in a neat ridge whereas Emilys' were cut off and had small, white wires sticking out. However, their sunbathing session was cut short due to the ferry entering the Melemele port, covering the ship in shadows. Shortly after, the duo were standing on Alolan soil with their bags in hand.

"So, where to, captain?" Emily asked

"Our first destination is the city hall to get our trainer passports, then we're heading to Iki town to introduce ourselves to the Kahuna"

"What's a Kahuna?"

"The assigned 'ruler' off a single island, there are 4 in total, this islands Kahuna is called Hala, and from what I read he seems like a nice guy"

"That's good to hear, ladies!"

A booming voice came from behind the girls, startling them. As they turned around, a rather large man with white hair tied into a small tail and tanned skin walked out of the port. He wore a bright blue shirt, white shorts and a bright yellow jacket.

"Oh! You must be Hala!" Chloe said excitedly

"Indeed I am! I heard you two are new to Alola? Well, let me be the first to bid you a warm welcome and alola to this new region, I hope you enjoy your time here!"

"Sorry..." Emily said, with a furrowed brow, "but why did you say "alola to this new region"?"

"Ahaha, you see, alola is a greeting here! Quite special, having the name of your region be a greeting, don't you think?"

Chloe smiled, his loud, booming voice and large build made him seem like the friendliest brown bear she'd ever met.

"Well, if you two ever need anything, just tell me, and I'll probably be able to help you out! Oh!" he interrupted himself, like he had just thought of something, "why don't you two come over two Iki town later, and I'll give you both your first Alolan Pokémon!"

"Thank you, that is very kind of you!" Chloe said

"Yeah, we'll be right over after we get our passports checked out!" Emily added

"Good! Good! Then I'll see you two later!" and with that, he walked off.

The passports didn't take long to make, though they were significantly different from what they had before; the paper had soft colours and there was a page for stamps that they could use "as a right of passage to other islands" as the official had put it. As the two tracked up the hill to Iki town, the sun started to merge with the sea in the distance, having sunken halfway by the time they reached the entrance gate to Iki town. Iki town was filled with traditional houses and burning tiki poles. There was a large square in the middle of the town with a slightly elevated wooden platform adorned with white patterns, with some wooden steps on either side of the platform. There was a large wooden hut where Hala lived, and he walked out the door the moment the girls walked up to the square.

"Aha! So good you could make it!" He said, waving at the two, "I have your first Alolan Pokémon right here!"

The girls walked up to meet him standing next to the platform. He had three Pokéballs with him.

"Let's get right to it, shall we? Here are-"

"Hey gramps, you're not gonna wait for me?"

A boy came running out of Halas' hut. He was about the same age as Chloe and Emily. He, too, had a tanned skin. He was thin and had black hair.

"Ah, girls, let me introduce you: This is Hau, my grandson! He is also taking the Island challenge!"

"Nice to meet you, I'm Chloe, this is Emily!"

"Nice to meet you! I'm so excited to go on this journey!" Hau said. He was obviously more energetic than his grandfather, though that wasn't much of a surprise, seeing as Hala could easily be 3 to 4 times Haus' age.

"Haha, well then, let's continue; here are your choices!"

Hala opened the three Pokéballs, revealing the Pokémon inside; a small, round, owl-like Pokémon with a leaf bowtie, a red and black cat-like Pokémon with a slightly disdained look in its eyes, and a quirky and energetic sealioneque Pokémon with a large, round, pink nose.

"Who would like to go first?" Hala asked, as he turned around to the three kids behind him.

"Well, since they're new to Alola, it seems fair that they get first choice!" Hau said excitedly

"Haha, I raised you well my boy, well then, ladies?"

Emily and Chloe exchanged looks

"You started this Pokémon journey, go ahead" Emily said, nudging Chloe.

Chloe didn't have to think long, she'd been smitten when she saw it. She picked up the small bird and held it in her hands. It smiled and cooed excitedly, like it had hoped that she off all people would've chosen him.

"Haha! Good pick! That's Rowlet, the grass quilt Pokémon! It seems to be fond of you already!"

Emily was up next, and to literally nobody's surprise she went straight to the cat, who had curled up and seemed almost annoyed when Emily picked him up. However, it was soon scanning Emily and got distracted by a bang of hair, flicking at it with its paw.

"Quite the match! That's Litten, the fire cat Pokémon! You two fit well together! Now that just leaves..."

Hau already had the sealion in its arms, which seemed to explode with joy and couldn't keep still, causing Hau to laugh.

"Well, that's all of them! I wish you all the best on your journey! Your first trial is to the north of Hau-oli city, where you docked, but why don't you get some rest first? I have a guest room in my hut!"

"Wait! Wait! I have a request!" Hau blurted out. Hala, Emily and Chloe stopped and looked at him. "Is it okay to try out our new Pokémon first? I'd be honoured to have my first battle against you ladies!"

And thus, as the moon started to creep up from the dark waters, the trio found themselves on the wooden platform. Chloe fought Hau, and won, but lost against Emily, Emily then fought Hau and lost. Chloe wasn't surprised; that's how types work, she was exhausted however, and among the foreign sounds of the Alola wildlife drifting in through the guest room window, she soon fell into a deep sleep...

As a star split open in the night skies high above her...

TO BE CONTINUED IN ALOLA ISN'T THIS GRAND?!

*284*2018-09-13 19:03

Half a year later, I know, but soon, I will be back!

*285*2018-09-16 21:18

[Deep inside the Alolan forest, not far from Iki town]

A Pokémon was residing in his bright yellow shell-like arms, when it suddenly felt a rush of energy coursing through the woods. It opened up its arms, revealing its small, black body with markings along its sides. It looked up to the sky and saw, in the distance, a tear in the stars. It had feared this day would come once again, and it quickly rose up from the ground, hovering further and further above the treetops. It emitted a yellow light in a mysterious sequence, then looked over to the other three islands lying close to the one it called home. The sequence was repeated threefold, one island shone a pink light, one a blue light and one a red light.

The Pokémon looked up again. It had seen what chaos had befell the Alolan region last time the sky had split open, and once again, it feared, it needed to fight to protect its home. It lowered itself and seemingly from nowhere produced a sparkeling stone. It rushed over to Iki town and tried to sense the aura of the people around it, until it had found 2 suitable subjects. It was rare there was a trainer that was able to receive one of the stones, let alone two at the same time. It produced a second stone and put both near the subject. It left the hut through the window without making a sound, and had gone unnoticed by all the people living on the island, as it retreated back to its ruins to converse with the other 3 Pokémon...

[The next morning]

A loud screeching awoke Chloe. She looked up and saw a grey and white bird Pokémon, with a long red-and-orange beak making loud, almost trumpet-like noises. She picked up the closest thing she could find and threw it in its general direction. The thing missed the window completely, bonked against the wall and fell to the ground, startling the bird enough to make it fly off. Chloe laid down without giving it a further thought before slowly rising back up and looking at the wall again. The thing she had thrown was a rock. A deep grey rock that seemed to sparkle in the morning sun. She got out from under the tikitotem-themed sheets and walked over towards it. It seemed rugged, yet had a very specific shape. She looked at the bed and realised it had been on her nightstand, though she didn't remember leaving it there. She then noticed Emily had one as well, still laying where hers had been except on her side of the bed.

"Em, hey, Em, wake up!" Chloe whisper-shouted, hoping to not awaken Hala, Hau or other inhabitants of the hut

"Wussat?"

"Em, look at this." Chloe held the rock in front of Emilys half-closed eyes

"Hmmyeah thassa pretty rock" Emily said unimpressed, trying to roll over on her other side

"No, look, it was on my nightstand, and theres one on yours as well!"

Emily opened her eyes a bit more, and once her view had focused, she looked at her nightstand. Sure enough, there was an identical rock on her stand as well. She frowned and rubbed her eyes before sitting up and picking up the rock, taking a closer look at it.

"Huh, weird..." she said, now with more clarity in her voice. Her sheets slid down to her belly, and Chloe involuntarily bit her lip at the sight of her girlfriends slightly tanned belly, which had become more muscular than when she had first met her. "...maybe it's, like, a tradition for newcomers?"

Chloe tore her eyes away from Emilys belly to her face, trying to regain her composure.

"Yeah, maybe, we should ask Hala."

The two girls walked into the main room of the hut fully dressed; Emily wore a aqua blue shirt with tropical multicoloured flowers, light blue shorts and blue sandals while Chloe had gone for a black tanktop with an image of a surfing Pikachu, blue shorts and black sandals.

The main room was a large elongated square with a traditional bamboo and wooden throne-looking chair at the very back, which was reserved for the Kahuna. Hala was sitting on it in his usual attire.

"Alola! Good morning girls!" he hollered, Chloe and Emily had almost forgotten how loud he was, "have you slept well?"

"Yes, thank you for the hospitality" Emily said

"Not too much problems with the Trumbeaks? They can be quite noisy"

"Are those, perhaps, grey and white birds with..." Emily started

"A long beak? Yes! They are quite noisy, but very helpful for berryfarmers, as they eat the bugs from their plants!"

The girls walked up to the chair where Chloe started;

"Sir, we ("call me Hala!" Hala interrupted) had a question. We found these stones on our nightstands this morning, do you know what they are?"

Chloe showed him her rock, while Emily got hers out as well. Hala raised his eyebrows and then furrowed his brow.

"Yes, yes, these stones are embedded deep within our culture. They contain a Z-ring, like this one" Hala held out his right arm and around it was a white ring with some sort of emblem on in. "All four of Alolas islands have a guardian deity, who give these rocks to strong, worthy trainers. This is a very rare occurrence, let alone to have two at once!"

"So...what is a Z-ring exactly?" Chloe asked

"Well, they allow you to perform strong Z-moves. But, I will tell you about those later. For now, if you don't mind, I can take these rocks to our rock-expert olivia, a kahuna from another island, who can retrieve the ring from them, is that okay?"

The girls nodded furiously and Hala took the rocks from them.

"It won't be long, don't worry, you girls start with the trial and I will return them as soon as they are done." Hala said, before walking off into the sunny outdoors. The girls stood without moving, processing what just had happened. Worthy? Guardian deities? Z-Moves?

Chloe was the first to notice; since they were so caught up in the mystery of the stones, they had not utilised the bathroom yet. As Emily had not realised yet, she decided to play innocent.

"Hey, I lost an earring in our room, can you help me look?" she lied to Emily

"Yeah, sure" Emily responded, still distracted

Chloe could feel her bladder ache every step she took. "perfect" she thought "that will come in handy for the plan"

TO BE CONTINUED WITH RINGS?!?!

*287*2018-10-25 23:29

Hey look I managed to make 2 entries without dying for half a year! Also, small correction: Chloe isn't wearing shorts but regular jeans, my bad.

Emily walked into the bedroom and looked around. It was a large rectangle. To the left against the wall, which was the back wall of the hut, was a large bed made out of carved wood, with symbols engraved on it. On each side was a small night stand and beyond the bed was a rather large closet for their clothes. Above the bed was a large window which looked into a foresty cliff side no more than 10 meters away from the window. The wall opposite the door had a small ornate table with a large LCD-screen TV on top of it, with next to it the door less passageway into the bathroom.

The right wall was almost entirely comprised of large windows looking out onto the area in front of the hut, with wooden blinds allowing you to open or close the view. Underneath the windows was a decently sized round table with two chairs. Pretty much everything was made of a light wood, palm wood, Emilie guessed, and they were all carved and engraved with curves and symbols. It was pretty and light in the room, and on the wooden ceiling were two light fixtures and one overhead fan, which was spinning and humming softly. The bathroom had the same width as the bedroom, but was about 1/5th the length. It had a shower cabin and a wall-mounted heater on the left and a toilet, sink and small cupboard on the right.

Emily took a deep breath of the warm morning air and exhaled, she hadn't felt at peace as much as she did right now in a long time. Chloe walked up behind her and flung her arms around Emilys neck, resting her head on her shoulder.

"Ya like it?"

"It certainly is different" Emily responded, "but in a good way"

"It's like I'm on vacation, can you imagine living here?"

"Day in, day out nice weather?"

"White beaches?"

"A rich culture?"

"Getting pelted by rocks while you sleep?" Chloe joked

"Oh shut it you Snorlax"

"Hey, don't you fatshame me!" Chloe said, faking an insulted tone "you Miltank" she said underneath her breath

"I heard that!"

Emily and Chloe laughed, it was like now that they where in the sun, in a new location, all their troubles were far away. Chloe had been so taken in by her conversation that she had forgotten about her plan, but it suddenly came back to her. She walked over to the windows overlooking the square and closed the blinds. Light could still come in through the diagonal slits, but you couldn't look in or out. Emily watched, both intrigued and scared, as Chloe was very deliberate in her way of doing things, so she must have some idea or plan, though she had no idea what. She suddenly remembered the earring, but how was less light going to help find the damn thing? Chloe walked over to the table and grabbed a chair, slamming it in the middle of the room and leaning on the back, now looking straight at Emily.

"Sit"

"What?"

"Sit" Chloe repeated, however, as Emily slowly made her way over to the chair, she realised something.

"Wait, actually, hold on a second." Chloe turned around and ran into the bathroom. Once she had made a right and was out of view of a very confused Emily, she had to bend over and grab her crotch for a moment. The running had put strain on her bladder, and just the thought of what she was going to do was exciting her, making it even more difficult to keep her holding on. She composed herself and grabbed a towel from the heater.

She walked back into the room, feigning a casual demeanour, and placed the towel over the seat of the chair.

"Ok, now sit"

"Chlo, what are you-"

"Just sit goddammit" Chloe was really struggling to hold on.

Emily meandered over to the chair, unsure but exited about what would happen next. She said down and looked left and right without turning her head, slightly scared. Chloe walked around the chair and stood in front of Emily, and she suddenly had a feeling they had been in a similar situation before. She closed in on Emily, spread her legs slightly (which put an almost catastrophic amount of strain on her bladder) and sat down on Emilys lap, facing her. She looked down starkly, and Emily almost felt like she was a naughty kid about to get punished by a strict teacher, it was scary, but exhilarating at the same time.

"Chlo, wha-" Emily started, before being suddenly interrupted by a deep and passionate kiss. Chloe soft lips embraced Emilys and she closed her eyes as a jolt of happiness, not, excitement shot through her. She still had no idea what was going to happen next, but it couldn't be bad if this was how it started. Chloe wrapped her arms around Emily and pulled her in tighter, a soft moan escaping from Emilys mouth, it was probably the sexiest sound Chloe had ever heard, and if she hadn't been holding, she would be gushing wet from that singular noise. As they kissed, Chloe felt her netherregions throb, begging for release, her muscles ached, her bladder was bulging out of her body, but she held it for a little while longer, wanting to enjoy this moment for a bit longer before moving on to the next.

Emily felt her excitement build up throughout the kiss. It was like it was never going to end, and she was fine with that. She could stay in this moment in time for the rest of eternity and not regret a single thing. She felt Chloes arms move up and down her back, she felt her slowly bounce up and down on her legs, like she was having sex with nothing in particular; Chloe would rise from her lap slightly, grinding their bodies together, until only her knees were touching Emilys hips, and then she'd lower herself until she sat on her lap again, over and over. Emily felt that as her excitement rose, her panties slowly became wet, though this time not with pee.

Chloe felt like she was going to burst, like she would explode from excitement, arousal and pee, she had never been this full before, and it felt amazing, she stopped moving completely for a second, frozen in time, like the earth had stopped rotating, before letting out a deep, primal moan as her dam burst and she started gushing out the pee she had been storing for what felt like days. It came out with incredible force, moving the fabric of her jeans with the sheer pressure of her urine blasting against it. Her crotch felt like it exploded as her pants darkened in a large circle in what seemed like an instant.

A loud hissing could be heard as she relieved herself, waves of pleasure shot through her body as a waterfall spread down her legs and along her thighs soaking her pants and underwear. Emily gasped when she felt the warm flow of urine spread along her jeans, but the feeling, along with the moans of Chloe, the pee dripping onto and around her legs and the hissing of her urine made her so incredibly horny she thought she was going to die from an overdose of arousal. She had not even realised up until then that they hadn't used the bathroom in a long time. As Chloe pulled Emily back into their kiss a final wave of arousal finally did Emily in; her pussy was soaked and throbbing, and that perfectly opened the way for her full bladder to empty itself right then and there. Emily, too, let out a long moan as it spread and joined the wet paths around her leg where Chloes pee was trickling down onto the towel underneath them.

Chloes pants absorbed some of the flood, but with Emily there wasn't a lot to hold it back, and soon her shorts were soaked in its entirety, pee now jutting out onto her bare legs. Chloe, too, had become extremely aroused and felt the warm throbbing increase as her bladder slowly emptied, the hissing becoming softer now being overtaken by the second hissing sound coming from Emily. Though Chloe was done, she held onto Emily and let her live it out in its entirety. Emily was absorbed in the moment. A perfect swirl of arousal, relief, excitement and a weird, unexplainable feeling of calmness embraced her and warmed her to her very core.

The pee kept flowing and started to form a puddle around her thighs and butt, quickly spreading towards the front of the chair and streaming along her legs onto her feet and the ground, making a pattering sound as it did so. Emily moaned as the flood kept pouring out of her like it had never done before. It had always felt good but this, this was something completely different. Suddenly, the stream became faster and stronger as her muscles clenched inadvertendly, shooting forward out of her crotch area splashing against the insides of her thighs, producing a loud hiss as it did so. From there it streamed forward along the inside of her legs and dripped down onto her feet. And with that, all of the sudden, it was over.

Chloe and Emily broke away from each other. Emily leaned her head back onto the back of the chair, letting out a big sigh of relief and arousal. She was still in her high, which was good news for Chloe. Emily didn't notice it at first. There was a...feeling, familiar, very welcome, but she couldn't place it at the time. She suddenly felt a space open up around her stomach and lifted her head, but before she could look what was happening, her head fell back as a wave of pleasure hit her. She had realised what was happening. Chloe leaned forward and kissed Emilys bare neck as she rubbed her wet, throbbing clit. Emily moaned in pleasure as Chloe sped up a bit, feeling Emilys excitement build. The hairs on Emilys arms rose and as if it was a signal Chloe had been waiting for, she inserted a finger into Emilys vagina and started slowly moving in and out.

"Ah- Ahh- C- Chl- Chloe- I'm- I'm gonna-" Emily tried to bring out, but she knew she didn't have long left, she raised her head with some difficulty and looked into Chloes eyes. She didn't know why, but at that moment she realised how deep and sensual Chloes eyes actually were. It felt like she was being absorbed by her eyes, looking into an infinite beautiful sea that was her girlfriend. Chloe inserted another finger and sped up at the same time. Emily gasped and tried to speak again.

"Chl- Chloe!" a moan escaped from her throat, "Ah- Aaah- I'm- I'm gonna- Ahhh- Fuck- I'm- Aaaaaaaaagh-" another long deep moan escaped from Emilys lips as she looked into Chloes eyes, "S- St- I- I'm going- I'm- AAAAH- I'M- I'M GONNA- AAAAAAH- I'M GONNA CUMMMAAAAAAAAAAAH" Emilys eyes turned away as she climaxed agresively, "HAH, AAAH, AAAAAAAAGH, AAAAAAAAOOOOOOOHHH~~"

Emily opened her eyes. Chloe was still sitting on top of her. The climax had caused her to feel like she was going to faint, and she wouldn't have been surprised if she had awakened an hour later, while in fact the whole ordeal had lasted less than ten minutes.

"I- I rea- I really love you" Emily brought out panting. Chloe smiled sweetly.

"I love you too, babe" Chloe said, before pressing a soft kiss on Emilys lips and standing up to clean herself and the room.

TO BE CONTINUED

Hope you liked that! Really needed some more omo in this omo fanfic. If you're wondering why I often give waaay too detailed descriptions of rooms and locations, it's because I want people to be able to envisage what it's like; where they are, what it looks like, what it feels like, I want people to feel like they are inside the story that's being told, and simply saying "there was a table" is not going to cut it; is it big? Light? Round? Wooden? I want people to be able to see the scene in their head like a movie, so that's why...the more you know!

*289*2018-10-26 08:48

{{5 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I absolutely loved that chapter it was so excellent

}}

Thanks, I'm doing my best :)

*290*2018-12-15 18:22

After cleaning and changing they stepped outside. They decided to go down to the Pokémon center to check up on their boxed Pokémon. As they were dalking down the road Chloe spotted something strange; a small, black creature was scutteling through the grass.

"Em, look, is that a Rattata?"

"Nah, it's black, maybe a Zorua?"

"So early on? Seems odd"

They walked closer to see it was...a Rattata...sort of? It was black and had small feather-shaped hairs around its nose. They went back and forth on wether to catch it or not, but after remembering the "top percentage" guy they went on their way.

The Pokémon center was beautiful; it had wooden feature and a cafe, where they had a cup of coffee.

"So, what does the internet say about these 'trials' we have to do?" Chloe asked. After a quick Google Emily read out loud;

"Trials are challenges on the islands of Alola. The trials are tasks given by the trial guides, culminating in a battle against a 'totem Pokémon' which are larger, stronger versions of regional Pokémon. After beating a trial, trainers obtain a Z-crystel which corresponds with the type of that trial. One must complete all the trials on an island before being able to challenge the island Kahuna and obtain their stamp of approval. After obtaining a stamp from all 4 islands' Kahuna a trainer may attempt the Pokémon league. There are 8 trials in all; 1 on Melemele, 3 on Akala, 2 on Ula'ula and 2 on Poni."

"Well..." Chloe said with a serious expression, "whats the type of the first trial?"

"Normal type it says here"

"So we need some fighting types, do we even have a fighting type?"

"I don't think so" Emily said with a frown, taking a sip of her coffee, "and as far as I can see there are only 2 fighting types to catch here; Makuhita and something called a Crabrawler?"

"Sounds like a bad wrestler nickname"

"Well!" Emily said as she put down her empty cup, "let's get going!"

Meanwhile, a glass-like, jellyfish-shaped being phased in and out of existence in a forest nearby.

TO BE CONTINUED SORRY THIS WASN'T VERY EXCITING BUT I WANTED TO EXPLAIN THE JOURNEY FOR PEOPLE WHO MAY NOT KNOW HOW TRIALS WORK

