Wet mornings (macgyver)

Author: macgyversgirl

*000*2019-08-07 15:24

It had been a busy few months with one mission after another, some of them were a lot tougher then others and had taken there tole on the whole team.

Mac was glad to be home in his own bed. He couldn't remember the last time he had a decent night sleep. He had enjoyed his shower and was now enjoying drifting off to sleep in his own warm bed.

Mac woke up at about 10am. He felt a wetness between his legs at first he thought it was, well you know, a wet dream moment. But then he felt the wet bedsheets. He quickly leapt out the bed he couldn't believe at the age of 24 he had wet the bed he hadn't wet the bed since he was fully toilet trained so why now? He looked around the room to see if there was a glass of water someone had dunked his hand into but there wasn't. This was real he quickly pulls of his bedsheets and puts on clean one's then goes for a shower, then stuffs everything in to the washing machine.

Over the next few days Mac wakes up to wet sheets ever morning. He's tried to stop drinking before bed and not to drink certain drinks as well but yet it was still happening. Mac has to keep hiding all his laundery from bozer which is stressing him out.

Mac just wants to hide away but before he can do so, his phone goes off alerting him that he's needed over at Phoenix.

Much to Mac's annoyance, they had an undercover opp to do where they were been collage students and that meant having to stay and sleep in dorms. Mac normaly loves opps, especially undercover one's but today he was dreading the idea. Especially as he was going to be sharing a room with bozer, there was going to be no fun. How was he going to hide his wet sheets in the morning from him. The only thing he could do was go without sleep, he'd done it before. Go with out sleep he was sure he could do it again this time.

Riley and bozer both noticed the later it was getting at the collage the more distant Mac seemed to get.

"Mac you going to be in his class tomorrow to try and make friends with him" said Riley

"What class?"

"The class in engining weve just been talking about for the last 20 minutes what the suspect takes" said bozer

"Yer sure what time is it"

"9am"

"Yeah I'll be there"

"You sure you're okay?" Bozer asked

"Yup, just weird being back at collage, especially as I never finshed" said Mac

He was glad the others excepted his anwser and didn't ask any more questions.

The first few days of the opp was fine. Mac found it easy to stay up and not sleep but after 5 days it was starting to catch up on him. He had dark circles under his eyes and looked pale and couldn't stop yawning.

"Woah dude you look awful" said Bozer

"Did you even sleep last night?" asked Rialy

Mac just nodded he was trying to look for his class book which was right in front of him.

"You looking for this?" said Bozer holding it up in front of Mac

"Thanks"

"I dont think class is a good idea for you today. Yoi won't be any use" said Rialy

"But I need to get intel on the guy"

"Well get it another way but way you are I dont think ured be getting anything useful"

"Thanks" yawned Mac

"Why dont you have a nap looks like you could do with one me and bozer could watch the cameras we installed in the classroom see if anything happens"

"I'm fine, I dont need a nap" he yawns again he was fidning it hard to keep his eyes from dropping. He couldn't sleep not here, he couldn't let his secret out.

"Mac you look like you could fall asleep on your feet and you're no good to us if that brain of yours isn't working right" said Bozer

"And if you don't do it I'll ring Jack or Matty and they can get you to sleep" theatend Rialy

Mac looked at her in disbelief. Bozer grabed Mac by the arm and lead him to the bed and forced him into it even with Mac protesting. Bozer even tucked him in. It didnt take long for Mac to doze of in the comfort of his bed.

"He is a stubborn one" said Rialy

"Yeah, that's Mac for ya."

They were both surprised when Mac ended up sleeping for a good six hours before waking up and the only reason he had woken up was because he could feel the wetness between his legs. He could feel panick rise in his chest as he remembered he wasn't at home, he was at collage with his friends undercover! How could he be so stupied to fall asleep?

Mac had no clue how he was gonna get out of this one. He decided for the time being to pretend to be asleep, but unfortunately for him having people who worked in the secret agent business, he couldn't fool them.

"Nice sleep sleepy head" said Tialy

"Fine" he manged to stutted out

"You getting up now to help us? It looks like somthing be going down soon" said Bozer

"Think I'll stay here, I'm all comfortable" he says

Bozer wasn't buying it, as Mac was always up and rearing to go, so he went over and pulled the covers of him revealing Mac's drenched trousers and bed.

Mac just looks at Bozer. He can't believe he had just done that. Bozer drops the covers back down but to late as Riely had seen. She felt sorry for Mac.

"Bozer I need your help with somthing over here. I think Mac would like to go have a shower and wake up properly before he helps us" said Raily, acting if nothing had happend.

Mac grabed some stuff then headed to the bathroom. He stayed in there alot longer then normal but once he was out his bed had been remade and Bozer said pizza was on it's way.

Mac just smiled and looked at the evidence Rialy and Bozer had got when he was sleeping.

Over next 2 weeks Bozer and Riley soon discovered that Mac wetting that time had not been a one time thing. They soon discoved it was down to stress.

Once this opp was over Rialy manged to get them some time off and had said to Matty Mac had not been well over the collage opp. She didn't let out what had really gone on. Matty agreed as she didn't want her best agent out of action.

