Karma comes in wettings

Author: Muscle watch

*000*2024-04-04 00:40

Let me take you to a college a fictional one of course it’s a peculiar college. Its name is omoveristy its name doesn’t lie as it is the home of many wettings and even a few messings. See it’s because it holds a monthly piss-holding contest between students. Winning this contest grants 100 dollars to the winner and the whole thing is recorded and posted to the college forum but students have relief that what happens in the college stays in the college. Additionally, students can challenge one another to both piss and crap-holding contests and can even place their own bets for whoever wins but other than the mentioned changes the college is a pretty normal college.

The rules are as follows: no fighting no performing bodily functions in public. Unless it’s in a holding contest or on the wetting floor. No bullying sadly this rule gets broken almost every day no alcohol or drugs and no stealing or vandalism.

Reigning within the college bounds was Alisha the school bully. She was big as a man and stronger the most of the people at the campus. However she doesn’t use her strength to dominate rather she uses her bladder. Yes she often challenges the smaller students she meets to pee holding contests. She’s always won these contests and never had an accident this is where Ezra the Femboy comes in.

Ezra was a small peculiar student very secretive the only thing students knew. Was his inclination for the feminine and love for cross dressing. Many thought him to be gay but this is not true in fact he was the only straight crossdresser in the whole city.

One day the two happened to meet see Alisha just so happened to be shopping in the women’s store. When she saw Ezra walking in she decided to block him from entering. “Girls look the loser wants to shop on our territory” said Alisha. “Let me through please” said ezra

“Only if you can beat me in a pee holding contest” said Alisha. “Why don't I join in and spice things up” said one of Alisha's accomplices. “Okay fine I'll do it but if I win you have to lay off everyone in this campus” said Ezra.

“It's on and rules are as follows one spurting is allowed but if it lasts more then three seconds your out. Two if any of you lose you have to hold your pee in front of the entire college until you wet yourself. Three we will drink a big glass of water every half hour” said Alisha.

The contest was on and they all headed toward the pee-holding stage. Alisha was not used to this type of contest it was three people rather then one. Ezra was quiet and simply followed not wanting to get beat up.

What happens next is up to you the reader

A Ezra chickens out and runs away.

B Alisha tries to get Ezra to wet.

C her friend reveals that they are being recorded.

*001*2024-04-05 20:09

If in three days no one votes i will continue the story myself

*003*2024-04-13 15:37

As Ezra set up the stopwatch. Alisha’s friend revealed they were being recorded. “I never agreed to this!” Said Ezra. “oh is someone afraid they’re gonna have an accident” said Alisha. “Only because we already started” said Ezra. As the contest went on minutes turned to hours. Chit chat was mainly between Alisha and her friend. It was truly a war of bladders.

Hour one Ezra bladder level, 17 percent filling slowly.

Alisha bladder level, 16 percent filling steadily.

Her friend named Christina bladder level, 19 percent filling slowly.

“Feeling anything yet” said Alisha. “I could pee if I tried” said Ezra “it's tingling but not too much” said Christina. “You know even if I lose eventually someons gonna win your little contest” said Ezra “that eventually is never gonna happen” said Alisha. “Maybe that eventually is this contest” said Christina.

What happens next is up to you the reader.

A Alisha turns the contest into a quiz holding contest.

B Christina proposes they be allowed to go outside the holding stage, and keep track of each other by video cal.l

C the contest continues as normal.

*005*2024-04-25 17:52

As the hours passed their bladders filled up even more. from about to 20 to closer to 40 then closer to 60 percent full. “Alright I gotta admit I have to pee” said Ezra “I think im also filling up” said Christina “y’all need to pee already ha I’m still pretty much empty* said Alisha. This was a brazen lie her bladder was actually most filled at 60 percent full. However no one dared to call it out. However as the contest went on it seamed Alisha might win. As Ezra began pinching his dick before anyone else. it wasn’t until a minute later that the others began grabbing their crotch.

Hour four ezras bladder level 70 percent. Christina’s bladder level 68 percent. Alisha’s bladder level 65 percent.

What happens next is up to you

A Alisha offers a chance to forfeit in return all bets are off

B Ezra stops filling for a bit

C Christina proposes the video be posted on omorashi.org

*007*2024-05-04 18:59

“Let’s post this video to OmoOrg” said Christina. “Sure why not it’s not like my pants are gonna be wet at the end if this” said Alisha. “Why did I get myself into this” said Ezra. “Cause you had no choice” said Alisha. As the contest reached hour five. Everyone’s bladders were tired out. So they began to leak. Christina leaked first as she felt a drop stain her panties. Ezra felt a few drops stain his briefs. Alisha was the last to leak. As she felt a half second long stream stain her panties. Almost staining her leggings which have embarrassed her. No one dared check the damage. If they took their hands off their crotch they all would have wet.

Hour five all bladder levels at 90 percent

What happens next is up to you the readers.

A a student walks in on the holding contest causing the three contestants to wet at the same time.

B Ezra loses control first.

C Christina loses control first.

*010*2024-05-05 17:31

If A then yes its a draw choose it if you want

*012*2024-05-10 15:37

Want a tie breaker?

