Jenny And her friend Sara

Author: Mrsonata

*000*2017-09-07 17:03

I just want to apologize for my English and I know the story starts slow. But it will get better by time. I just wanted this to be as realistic as passible. A warning this story will contain mother and daughter wettings. So if you don´t like that stop reading now. Everyone else please enjoy.

Chapter 1:

Jenny was in her rom waiting for her friend Sara. Sara lived on the same street as Jenny. They did not know each other that well. Sara moved to this street just a few weeks ago. School was out for the summer. When the school starts again, both girls will be in the same class. They had planned to sunbathe and just talk, so they can get to know each other properly.

While Jenny waited, she took out her bikini. It was dark blue with white stripes on the sides. It suited her very well. Jenny was blond and her hair went to her shoulders. Her body shape was not big or small. It was perfect in her opinion. She puts it on and decided to wait outside on the lawn. She laid out her towel and lay down to sunbathe a little while she was waiting for Sara. It didn’t take long before Sara was there in her bikini. It was dark green. Sara was a brunette and her hair was a little shorter than Jenny's. Not only was the hair like Jenny's, but also her body shape. She lay quite close to her new friend. They talked about some mixed things. How Sara's old school was and what she liked to do on the weekends. After they had talked a while, Sara felt a little warm in the sun.

- Jenny. I feel quite warm. Can we cool ourselves in any way?

- Yea we can. But I think you will find it a bit childish.

- It doesn't matter as long as it cools me down.

- All right. But the only way that we can do it, is to start the sprinkler and run through it. Or use the hose.

- We can use the sprinkler. It can be fun to do that again. I haven't done it since I was little.

- Okay then. I go and get it.

Jenny took the sprinkler and put it a few feet away from their towels. She ran to the tap and turned on the water. When she got back and stood beside Sara. She felt the need to pee. Normally, when she needed to do it when she was alone, she just stood and peed through her bikini. Something she started to do after being tired of pulling it aside. But would she dare to do as usual now that Sara was there? She doesn't want to seem weird. So she decides to do it the boring way. Just to be on the safe side. Sara was just about to go and cool of. When Jenny felt that it is not so bad if she just says what she needs to do.

- Sara. Go ahead and cool yourself down. I just need to pee.

- Oh, okay. Are you going inside?

- No I think I just go here.

Jenny didn't think it mattered if Sara saw her pee. They're after all soon in the same class and have gymnastics together. So they will see each other naked many times to come. She barely had time to pull aside her bikini, before pee gushed out of her. She didn’t think she needed to pee that bad. But apparently, she did. The pee ran down at her legs. She felt the warmth of it and at the same time a relief. She likes the feeling it gives her. Although it feels better when she does it through her bikini. The stream decreased in strength and ran most down her legs. Until it finally stopped.

- Wow Jenny. You really needed that.

- Yea I did. Now I’m ready to join you.

Just minutes later, Sara felt that she also needed to take a pee. Her bladder felt really full. But she did not tell Jenny. She thought that she will notice it anyway when she starts to pee. She walked away from the sprinkler and Jenny. Not to far but enough that it wouldn’t be awkward. She spreads her legs and soon she starts to pee. But without thinking about pulling her bikini aside like Jenny did. She stopped to pull it aside many years ago. So she did what she has done for so many years whit out thinking about it. It felt so good when the pee started to come out from her bladder.

She felt pee flow through her bikini. It ran down both her legs in a warm stream. She peed even longer then Jenny did, but eventually it stopped. And as soon as she finished the thought came to her, how she had peed in front of her friend. How would Jenny react to this? Sarah was worried that she had done something that would ruin their friendship. Jenny looked at her friend without saying a word. When Sara broke the silence and apologized. She just wanted to explain herself before Jenny would probably ask her to go home.

- Jenny. Please let me explain. I don’t know what I was thinking. I guess my need was bigger than I thought.

- Stop Sara. You don’t need to explain yourself.

Sara was waiting for her friend or former friend if she´s unlucky to say something. Her thoughts went a little too far. But she was sure she lost her friend. The thought of losing her new best friend made her sad. She liked to be with Jenny so much. Just after her thoughts about this Jenny broke the silence again.

- I don’t need an explanation. I just want to say that if you need to pee again. You can do it in the way you did.

- What? You’re not disgust?

- Of course not. I always go threw my bikini to. But I didn’t want to be weird. That’s way I pulled mine aside.

- Wow. I'm so glad to hear that you didn’t ask me to go home and stopped talking whit me.

- No way. Even if I didn’t pee threw my bikini. I would only say that you can do whatever you want. I like you Sara. And one thing like that doesn’t matter for our friendship.

- Thanks Jenny. I like you too.

Now when they knew what they felt for each other the girls continued to run threw the sprinkler. The felling of the cool water was wonderful for the girls warm skin. And at the same time, the last drops of pee on their legs rinsed of. They had a good time. Talking about the school and Sara hoped her new classmates were nice and fun to be with of course. The teachers were something she gave some extra thoughts to. Hoping they were good at teaching. Sara likes school. She wants to be something important when she´s done with school. But with what she don’t know right now. After 10 minutes the girls decides to go back to their towels. Just before they would lie down to sunbathe for a while once more. Jenny was stopped by Sara who had something to say.

- Jenny. You know what?

- Probably not. Jenny replied with a little giggle.

- I think I need to pee again.

- What already? Jenny was a little surprised that her friend's needs for relief were already back.

- Yes. I don´t have to pee this often if I’m wearing my regular clothes. But bikini makes my need to go much more.

And whit that, she released her pee whit out spreading her legs. She just stood like nothing was going on. She felt her pee ran down both her legs. The warmth of her pee felt so nice. Sara just had to close her eyes and enjoy the feeling. It wasn´t a long pee, this time. But long enough to enjoy it. Jenny couldn´t take her eyes of her friend’s legs. She saw that her friend seemed to like it. Then the stream decreased and after a few drops, stops.

- It looks like you really enjoy to pee threw your bikini. Jenny said with her eyes still at her friend’s legs.

- I wouldn’t say enjoy it. But it’s fun to do.

Sara did like it but she didn´t want to say it to her friend. Telling her that would probably be to push her luck.

- Okay I can agree whit that. Now when I have seen you do it I want to go too.

- Do it. Sara said with joy and a big smile.

- I don’t know if I can. It´s not that long ago I peed. But I will give it a try.

Jenny first spread her legs a bit before she thought about the way Sara did it. So she stood like normal and tried very hard to pee. Just a few drops came out. The drops went down her butt and stopped just above her knee. Even though it wasn't much she could feel the warmth.

- Sorry that’s it.

- Don’t worry. You have to pee again at some point. Sara said with a smile.

Chapter 2:

When the girls was lying down again. They started to talk about how Sara felt about her new home.

- How do you feel about this neighborhood? Jenny was really interested in her new friend´s thoughts about things.

- So far I like it here. It’s not that many people that live here. But you live here so I will at least not have to be alone around here.

- Aw that was really sweet. What if I’m not at home that often? Jenny laughed.

- Then we have to meet each other every day you are home then. And we will be together right after breakfast and until it’s time for bed.

- I´m okay whit that. Jenny said with a smile and got a wink back from Sara. Then she continued to ask her questions. ” What was your favorite lesson in your old school?”.

- Well I really liked science but my favorite was definitely gymnastics. I know some don´t see it like a “real” lesson but I loved it.

Sara wondered if she should say the best thing about gymnastics was when it was over. So she could take the opportunity to pee in the shower. She loved to do it. And because she always avoided the bathroom before class began. So she could be sure it would happen. But it´s properly best to keep that for herself for now.

- Okay that’s weird.

- Why?

- Oh I don’t mean it´s weird you like it. The weird part is that your answer is exactly the same as mine if you had asked me.

- What no way! Why do you like it so much?

- Well it’s because you don´t have to sit down the entire lesson. The best part is that you have an extra hour of free time. At least it feels that way.

While they were talking Sara felt a need to pee. Not that much she liked to, but enough to feel it and to make her towel wet. So without saying anything to her friend she started to pee. It slowly darkened her bikini bottoms. She felt the warmth go down her butt and down to the towel. It came out slowly in the beginning. But it was hard to do that so she just let it completely go. The pee came out so hard a hiss started and it was quite loud. But she didn’t care. It felt so good to pee whit out to care about going to the toilet or remove her bottoms.

- Sara. Are you peeing? I think I hear the hiss from you.

- Yea I am. I´m sorry but I tried to let it go slowly.

- Don’t worry about it. We both know the best thing about bikinis is that you can pee whenever you want. And I think both of us really like the freedom.

Jenny sat up and could not help but look between her friend’s legs. And she loved what she saw. A pool of pee around her friend´s butt. It looked so nice.

- Isn’t this the best option when you are too lazy to get up? I wish we could get more opportunities to do this.

- Well if we are lucky, it will be a hot and long summer just so your wish comes true. Sara said with a big smile. Soon her pee slowed down to a trickle and then stopped.

- Okay I’m done now. I think I stay here just a little while. She said meanwhile she closed her eyes.

- No you have to come whit me now. Because I want to cool down again, and that’s no fun alone.

- Okay I´m coming. Just so I can hide what I’ve done.

- Good. Don´t you have to pee more often when in a bikini?

- Maybe. Was Jenny´s only reply.

The girls ran through the sprinkler for a while when Jenny´s mum came out and said it was time for Sara to go home and eat. Her mum had called. “Okay mum we’ll just pickup the sprinkler”. Jenny answered. And her mum went back inside.

- To bad we have to stop doing this now. Even if it´s childish to run through the sprinkler I like it. Sara said with wink.

- Yea but maybe we can do it again tomorrow if you want?

Sara didn’t need to answer with anything more than a smile before Jenny understood her. Sara was just about to go and turn the water off. When Jenny comes up to her and stopped her from doing so.

- Wait. Before you turn it off I just have to...ahh.

Sara knew immediately what her friend was doing and just smiled. She looked down to see her friend's legs glister with pee. Jenny smiled and enjoyed her pees warmth coming threw her bikini and down her legs. Because they haven´t had that much to drink this afternoon. Her pee was quite yellow. Which was clearly visible on her legs. When Sara saw that she got a feeling inside her. Something she felt before but not this strong. But what it meant she didn´t know, yet. All she knew was that it made her feel warm inside and it felt good. When Jenny´s pee came to a stop she looked Sara in the eye´s and just smiled.

- Now you can turn it off. Jenny said with a laugh.

The girls talked while Jenny dried herself. And they started to discuss if there is any chance for them to do something together again tomorrow. Both girls were very excited when they decided that they would meet.

Later in the evening Jenny was in her bed. Thinking about her new friend that has become her best friend. She had already been to the toilet like every day before bed. Thinking about everything that happened during the day. She couldn’t help to force out a few drops of pee. Just enough to get a small dark spot on her panties. Before she felt to sleep. During the night she dreamed about the following day with her new best friend.And when she woke up, she hoped that some of her dreams from the night would become a reality. She got up and went to the kitchen to eat breakfast. Looked at the clock and thought that it's probably not too early to call Sara. Luckily it wasn´t. So they decided that they would meet in about thirty minutes. Since both girls would take their morning shower first. And then the fun day start´s.

*001*2017-09-07 17:08

Chapter 3:

When Jenny had put down the phone, she went upstairs to pick what clothes she would wear today. The choice fell on a blue skirt and a red top with small white flowers. Maybe too much summer theme. But it´s not summer that long so it will work. She went in to the bathroom and started to undress. Then it was time for the morning shower. When she was standing under the water. She started to think about last night when she peed a couple of drops in her panties. “Why did I do it? I have never done that before. At least not on purpose. Maybe I was just excited about today. Sara and I will have a great day together.” But now she will do one thing that’s not unusual for her. Almost every morning she took her first pee of the day in the shower. And now was the time to empty her bladder. Her favorite is to turn off the water before she pees.

But unfortunately she could hear her mother was upstairs too. So this time the water had to stay on. Not that she cared about that. And with that she started to pee. It came out fast and the stream was quite hard too. It was hard to feel anything of the pee because of the water. But it didn´t matter, the relief was great. She peed for about twenty seconds. She really had to go. Finally her bladder felt empty and immediately after her hand took the shampoo bottle. After the shower she started to get dressed. And then went down the stairs and out the front door. While she was waiting for Sara, she sat on the stairs. Thinking about what they would do today. Run thru the sprinkler was definitely on the schedule. That was already determent. But before that? She didn´t have time enough to think about that. Sara was walking towards her.

- Hey Sara.

- God morning. What´s up?

- Nothing much. I was just thinking about what we should do today.

- A okay. I did that when I took my shower. I didn´t came up with anything. And you?

- Nothing. I even tried to pee in there to see if that would help haha.

- So you pee in the shower too? Nice to hear that my best friend is doing it as well.

- Your best friend? Jenny said with wondering voice but with a big smile.

- Yea. I know we haven´t known each other that long. But you have become my best friend in that time.

- Aw that was nice to hear. Wish I could say the same. (Short silence.) And of course I can.

Both girls laughed and then they gave each other a friendly hug. They started to walk around the garden. Because they didn´t come up with something to do yet. They just continued to talk.

- So you pee in the shower too? Jenny asked.

- Yes I do. Every time I take one actually.

Jenny started to become very interested in her friend's habits and how they started. She just had to ask.

- What made you start to do that?

- Well it started when I was in elementary school. It was when my class had its first sports lesson. When the lesson was over we started to undress and get ready for the showers. I think it was three girls who got there before me. And when I came in, one of the girls was standing with her legs a little bit wider than the others. I didn´t see it right away. But when I was going towards a shower. I noticed the water that came down to the drain was a bit yellow. She must have noticed that I was looking down at her feet. Because she looked at me and smiled. And then she said “I really had to pee and I always do it at home”.

When she said that I thought the other two girls would say how disgusting it was. But instead they both admitted they were about to do it too. I just wondered why they didn´t go to the toilet before? When the other girls started to pee I answered my own question. Just one of them could go there. And since one of them did it at home. It maybe was natural to do it in the shower instead. Since they seemed to be okay with it and I felt the need to go too. So I did and it felt wonderful. And I have been doing it since.

- That was a nice story. So how did the other girls in your class react?

- Most of them were actually okay with it. And some even started to try it just like I did. I think everyone tried it at least once that year.

- That’s cool. But you said most of them. What about the rest?

- Well in the beginning they just looked at us and smiled. But no one said anything to the teachers about it. So everyone accepted what was going on. In the end of the year you could see seven girls standing there and pee at the same time.

- I wish my school was like that. It sounds great. Now should we change to bikinis and have some fun?

- Yes! I will run home and change. See you soon best friend. Sara said with a big smile and started to run home.

- See you best friend. Jenny had to yell back to her friend.

Just five minutes later they had changed and was now on their towels.

- Sara. I must admit the reason why I wanted to change to bikini. Was because your story made me want to pee.

- Haha that’s quite funny. So you saved your pee just so you could go thru your bikini?

- Yea. If I know my bikini will be used soon. I won’t use the toilet just to pee.

- Now when I know you do that and it sounds slick. I will start to do that too. Thanks for the tip.

- No problem my friend. Jenny replied with a wink.

Immediately after Jenny´s replay, Sara could hear a faint hiss. She immediately understood what her friend did. Jenny felt her pee started to darkened her bikini bottoms and felt it going down her butt. It wasn´t long before she couldn´t resist to push her pee out faster. It pooled under her and because she peed a lot and fast. The ground didn´t managed to absorb it in time. It felt really good and warm under her. Sara could easy see her friends pee. And was a bit impressed about the amount of pee her friend had in her. The stream soon changed to a trickle and finally stopped.

- Wow Jenny that was a lot. Did you really pee in the shower this morning? Haha.

- Haha yea I did. But maybe I didn´t managed to empty my bladder completely.

- And you know what? I don’t think I succeeded either. So now …Aaa.

Sara´s bikini started to change to a darker color and pee stared to go thru her bikini. And just like Jenny she felt the warmth go down her but to the ground. Her pee didn´t last as long as Jenny´s. But it was a great feeling anyway.

- You see. That’s proof of I did pee in the shower this morning.

Both girls laughed and then laid down on their towels and enjoyed the feeling of freshly empty bladders.

What Jenny didn´t know. Was that something was soon going to happen that will change her life quite a bit.

*005*2017-09-28 16:41

Thank you everyone. I´m happy to see that it is interest in this story. Another chapter will come really soon :)

*007*2017-10-01 09:09

Chapter 4

The day went towards the afternoon. The girls had been lying and sunbathed a little too long. Something that Jenny's mom Linda had discovered. So she went out to ask the girls to do something else.

- Girls. I don´t want you to become sunburned. So it would be great if you could find something else to do. Preferably in the shade or indoors, at least for a while.

- But this is great. I love the sun. Jenny replayed.

- I know you do sweetie. But you have to go anyway. It´s for your sake.

- I know mom. Sara lets go.

- Jenny. What about we go in and take something to eat. Then you can change and Sara can do the same. When she is done, we will too.

- That’s okay with you Sara? Jenny asked.

- Yeah of course. See you soon. Sara said with a smile.

- Just one thing before you go. Mom can I just say one more thing before she goes. Alone?

- Sure. I´m going in and start to set the table.

Jenny´s mom smiled and went inside.

- So what did you want to tell me?

- To be honest I just wanted to pee outside one more time before I have to go inside on the boring toilet.

Both girls laughed and Jenny started to take her bikini bottoms off. And Sara did the same thing. Sure it´s a lot better to pee thru them but now they just have to take them off. The spread their legs so they weren’t any risk to get them wet. They looked at each other and nodded as a countdown and then almost at the exact same time they started to pee. Both girls enjoyed the feeling of their bladders getting emptied. Sara peed so hard a strong hissing sound started. The girls was facing each other and because of that their streams hit the same spot on the ground. A quiet big puddle was forming because it couldn´t sink down fast enough. Both girls stream was coming to an end. And finally stopped. The puddle was still there when the girls hade putt their bottoms back on.

- That was great. Can I go home now? Sara said with a big smile.

- Yes you can. See you soon.

They hugged each other and then they went in. When Jenny came in her mom was sitting at the table waiting for her. While she was waiting for her daughter to come in. She had decided to reveal something to Jenny. She have been thinking about it a long time, and now decided it was time to reveal it. Jenny sat down opposite her mom. Linda got up and took the soda out from the fridge.

- Here you are sweetie. Pour a glass for you while I go to the bathroom. I haven´t peed since the shower I took when you was out sunbathing.

- Wait what did you say?

- I will tell you more when I get back. I really have to go now.

Jenny couldn´t believe what she just heard. Her mom was going in the bathroom but she didn´t close the door. She really had to go because Jenny could hear her mom’s stream hitting the toilet. The sound soon came to an end. And her mom returned to the table.

- Okay now let´s start from the beginning. I know that you are peeing in the shower sweetie. When I realized I wasn’t the only one to do that. I felt happy because now I know you don´t find it disgusting.

- What make you think I pee in the shower?

- I don’t think. I know you do it. Because one morning I heard the sound of water hitting the shower floor but it wasn´t from the shower head. After that I tried to hear if you did it again or if it was you just wanted to try it. Sometimes I think you heard me walking outside bathroom door. And when you did you started the water before you started to pee. But a lot of times I managed to hear you and when I was certain, I stopped to go upstairs when you was taking a shower. At least for that reason.

- Okay I admit it. My morning pee is always in the shower. You said that you also pee in there. How long have you been doing it? Did you start just because you heard me do it.

- No I have been peeing in the shower as long as I can remember. It started with me being lazy and that’s about it. Ever since I did it the first time I was hooked. And how did you start?

- Okay. I began to do it about two years ago. It was after a gym class in school. When the class was over we went in to the changing room. Me and two other girls was talking so where the last ones in the shower. When one of the girls said she needed to pee. And when she said that, the two of us said the same thing. So she suggested that we´re all could pee in the shower. She always did that at home. And we did just that. It was pretty cool to see our yellow pee flow down to the drain. And the hissing from us was loud. It was great. So the day after, I did it at home. It was a great feeling so I never stopped.

- That sounds like a great way to discover something new to test. And peeing through your bikini?

- How do you know that?!

- I saw you and Sara do it yesterday. So next time I’m in my bikini I will try that. It looks so easy to do it that way.

- You? I don´t believe that.

- I will prove it too you one day.

- Yea right. I believe that when I see it.

They got interrupted by the doorbell ringing. Jenny looked at her mom and then went to open the door. Sara was back for more fun.

- Hi again Jenny. I have I surprise for you.

- Hi. So exciting. What kind of surprise?

- I asked mom if I could sleep here tonight. And she said yes.

- That’s great. Mom did you hear that?

- Yes I did. And she´s welcome. Did you bring your bikini Sara?

- Yes of course.

- Good. Then I suggest we change to bikinis and then we can sit outside and talk for I while. If you want?

The girls just smiled and ran upstairs. Just minutes later the girls was back outside. They were all sitting in the garden chairs. Talking about their plans for the summer and just chatting about a lot of random things. When Jenny suddenly heard I low hissing sound.

- Is anyone hearing that hissing sound? Or is it just me.

- That’s me. I just needed to pee and I figured why not do it through my bikini. It´s made to get wet anyway. Her mother said.

- Are you really doing that mom?

- Just check under my chair if you don’t believe me. But you better hurry up I´m almost done.

Both Sara and Jenny crouched down and looked under Linda´s chair. And there it was. A small waterfall. Jenny smiled and Sara was staring at the pee flowing out from Linda. And then it stooped.

- Wow mom. You really did it. I´m impressed. And now it´s my turn. Jenny smiled and sighed.

She could feel it coming out of her and pooled around her butt before it flowed out from the chair down in the grass. The warm feeling was great. Sara couldn´t understand what was happening but she realized this was a golden opportunity that she couldn’t pass. And with that she started to pee too. Linda was done peeing now. But Jenny and Sara looked at each other straight in the eyes. The warm feeling around their butts was great. And when they was looking at each other another warm feeling in their hearts was starting to make itself known. Both girls streams was just about to end but they continued to watch each other in the eyes. The streams finally stooped and Sara was the first to talk.

- What just happened? Why did your mom pee in her chair?

- It´s a long story Sara. But because you are stays here tonight we tell you from the start.

When Jenny and Linda explained everything it was time to go in. They ate supper and had a great time and before the know it. It was time for bed and they all said good night and went to sleep. Sara was sleeping in a guest bed next so Jenny´s bed. Around three in the morning Sara was awakened when Jenny shook her.

- Sara. Wake up. I have to pee.

- Did you wake me up just to say that?

- Yes. But I also wanted to tell you another thing. Just so you don´t think I had an accident.

- Accident? What do you mean?

- You know when mom peed her chair? I want to test something.

- I don´t think I will ever forget it. An accident you said?

- Well not really an accident. But I want my mom to think that if she gets mad tomorrow. I´m going to wet the bed.

- Wet your bed? On purpose?

- Of course on purpose. I´m awake now so I just have to do it.

- Wow. Are you sure will be able to sleep in a wet bed?

- I think so. If I can´t then we just have to share your bed ha-ha.

- What if I peed my bed to?

- I guess we have to try to sleep in a wet bed then. Do you need to pee to? Or did you just say that to test me.

- If you don´t say it´s okay to pee this bed in about thirty seconds. It will get wet anyway.

- Okay then. Let´s do it. Can you hold it? I was thinking we could go one at the time.

- You better stop talking and start peeing if I must hold it.

- Sure I´m just going to get comfy.

Jenny barely had time to end her sentence before her pee was flowing out of her and wetting her thighs. It was really warm. Pooling around her butt and soaked her sheets. She was in heaven.

- Ahh this is great. I just have to do this again even if my mom gets mad.

- Okay that’s it. I can´t hold it. Ahhh. Sara said.

Sara´s pee came out so hard it hissed loud and a big puddle was soon forming under her. Jenny was right, this was heaven. This was great. To be able to just lie where she was and pee at the same time was a dream coming true. Suddenly she heard a moan from Jenny.

- Do you really enjoy it that much?

- Mmm. Was al Jenny could say before she had to moan again.

- That’s easy to tell.

- Yea I know. I´m sorry if this sounds gross to you. But this was so good I just had to masturbate. That’s why I moan.

- Jenny. I can´t believe you. I´m so close to you we are nearly sharing a bed. And you are masturbating. But now when you said it. I don´t think I can stop myself to do it.

- Go ahead. It´s great to do it when you are peeing at the same time.

- Yea I know. I have done it in the shower a few times. Ops.

- That’s interesting but not chocking. Just let us enjoy this.

Both girls was in the end of their pee, soon the both climaxed and almost immediately feel back to sleep.

*010*2017-10-27 16:23

Chapter 5

In the morning Jenny was the first to wake up. The bed felt wet but not as cold she thought it would. A yawn from Sara´s bed let her know Sara was awake to. But just to be sure she whispered “ God morning”.

- God morning my friend. I have never slept so god as I did before. And it’s actually not that cold either. But wet ha-ha.

- Yea I was thinking the same thing when I woke up. But the cold won´t stay for so much longer.

- Are you saying it´s going to get warmer soon?

- Yes and really soon. Just to warm my butt up a bit. And now is the time. Ahh.

Jenny could feel her panties get wet and warm again. But the stream came to an end in just five seconds. It wasn´t a long pee but she enjoyed it.

- That´s nice. Warm again. Jenny said with a smile.

- I don´t need to pee so I will go up from bed instead. What are we going to say to your mum?

- That’s a god question. Maybe it will be a bit tricky to explain two wet beds ha-ha.

- What if we say we have been dreaming and in the dream we were outside. And both peed in the dream and for real. How about that?

- That can work. Let´s try that. And now when that’s decided it´s time for a shower so the pee gets washed away.

- That´s a good idea. I can wait in the bathroom while your showering.

So the girls went to the bathroom and Jenny took of her panties. She stepped in the shower and Sara sat on the toilet.

- I got an idea Sara. Come and join me in here. We can shower together if you want?

- Well I don’t know. It doesn’t feel right.

- Why? We have seen each other naked before and many times to come. And the showers in school don’t have any walls. So we and all the other girls in class will shower together. Sure not as close as we are going to do it now. But you know what I mean.

- Weal okay. I guess it will be alright.

And whit that Sara took of her panties and joined Jenny.

- See. It´s no big deal to shower together. And even when I’m going to pee it´s no big deal.

- You are going to pee with me in here? But why didn´t you finish in the bed?

- I always pee in the shower in the morning. And you know it. And I saved a lot just for the shower.

And whit that Jenny started to pee. It felt wonderful to pee when sharing a shower with her best friend. Suddenly she felt a hand touching her pussy. It was Sara’s. Surprised she looked at her friend and was meat by a big smile. Jenny was surprised but even if she wasn´t sure what to think about it. She let her friend to continue. Sara´s fingers was caressing the skin around her pussy. It felt wonderful. Neither of the girls had ever been with a girl and done anything like this. But something happened that just felt right.

- I´m sorry. But I just had to feel the pee on my hand from someone else then myself. Just to compare the feeling. And I must say this isn´t bad.

- Good then keep going. And enjoy this moment.

As soon Jenny said that Sara could feel her friends hand between her legs. It felt great and she doesn’t even pee like Jenny does. Jenny´s stream was still strong and she had started to move up and down to raise the enjoyment even more. Sara wanted to pee to. She tried hard to start because she didn´t have to go that much. But then a quite powerful stream came and she was now peeing too. Where it came from, she didn´t know or cared either. Both girls started to moan and closed their eyes. The feeling of caressing and the feeling of pee on their hands was warm and wonderful. Some hissing was heard to. Just as the girls was almost empty the felt they was close to the edge to orgasm now. And just a couple of more strokes and they came hard.

Both girls knees gave in a bit and now they were embracing each other. This was a nice way to end their lovely moment. Without thinking Jenny gave Sara a kiss on the lips. Yet another surprise this morning. And even more surprising for Jenny was that Sara answered the kiss. To feel each other’s breasts and their friends hand on their pussy was something the will never forget. Jenny then ended the kiss and lent her head against Sara´s shoulder. She whispered “Thank you. Now let´s go and eat breakfast.” Sara replayed with a short kiss. They didn´t rush to get dressed. Both girls were looking on their friend´s naked body. Thinking about how soft and nice it was to touch it.

When the girls came to the kitchen there was no breakfast on the table. Linda wasn´t there either. But the backdoor was open. It was hot outside already. And there was Linda with the breakfast waiting for them. Because it was so hot, early in the morning. Linda was wearing a bikini.

- God morning girls. Slept well?

Both girls answered at the same time “great”. And they sat down for breakfast. No one said anything. Sara and Jenny just looked at each other smiling. Linda noticed but thought nothing more on it. After a while, when everyone had started to eat. A trickling sound could be heard. Jenny knew immediately what it was.

- Mom! You are peeing and eating breakfast at the same time.

- Yes why not? We are outside and I´m wearing my bikini. It´s wonderful to be able to just go, without the need to go inside or at least leave the table.

- I bet it is. But we have a guest. Maybe she don’t like to sit here when you have done it.

- It’s okay. I don’t mind. Sara said with a smile.

- Oh alright then. Jenny said. She thought maybe now when peeing is the subject. It´s time to tell Linda about what happened earlier today. “Mom I have something to say. Please don’t get mad at us.”

- Us? What have you two done now?

- We are so sorry. But we accidentally wet our beds.

- Accidentally? Both of you at the same time. That doesn’t sound like an accident.

- Well. Sara dream t we were outside in bikinis. She had to pee. And in a bikini she doesn´t care. Unfortunately she pees in real life at the same time. Wakening me and when I see what she´s done. I found it so funny that I peed my bed too.

- I don’t know if I believe that explanation but I take it. After breakfast get the mattresses and put them outside so they can dry.

- Thanks mom.

*013*2017-11-14 18:15

Chapter 6

When they were done with breakfast. The girls ran upstairs to get their mattresses. They took them outside and leant them against the house in the sun. Meanwhile Linda was inside washing-up. Jenny looked around and saw that no one could see them. Whit out warning she pressed Sara against the wall and started to make out with her. Sara got really surprised. But didn´t stop her friend. She just closed her eyes and enjoyed the moment. The girl’s tongues danced in their mouths. Both moaned of pleasure. Just when Jenny could feel her friends hand seeks its way to her panties. They heard Linda was coming out again. Sara pushed Jenny away from her and before Linda came around the corner they stood just like normal.

- So what are you girls talking about? Linda asked.

- We were just talking about how funny it is that both wet our beds. None of us have done it since we were little kids. Her daughter replied.

- Well to me you will always be my little kid. But I know what you mean.

- Mom stop!

- What else can I say? Especially now when you have started to wet yourself.

- It´s not like I’m the only one. You have also done it a couple of times.

- Yes but I always do it in bikini. Not in my everyday clothing or bed.

- It was just our panties we wet. That’s not that so different from bikini panties.

- The material is different. So it doesn’t feel the same does it?

- No they stay wet a longer time. But the feeling is quiet nice.

- You just make me believe that you are going to do it again. If the last time wasn´t on purpose. Next time will.

- No mom I will not start to wet myself in my everyday clothing. Even if it does feel good.

Both Sara and Jenny started to laugh. They thought it was a funny joke. But Linda didn´t laugh. But after a couple of seconds she smiled. She loved to see her daughter happy. And she started to see the funny side of everything that has happened recently.

- I just have one question. What are you going to say to your mom Sara? Linda asked.

- Oh no. I haven´t thought about it. She will be angry.

- Don’t worry I will help you. Just borrow a pair of panties from Jenny and I wash yours. And hang them in the sun. They will be dry before you have to go home.

- Thank you so much Linda.

- No problem. Where did you put them?

- Oh they are inside. I´m using my bikini panties.

- Good then I will get in and start to wash them.

- You are so kind. Thanks again it means a lot for me. I don´t have to say anything to my mum.

- I don´t think you have to worry. Accidents do happen. Linda said with a smile.

Linda went inside. Jenny and Sara smiled at each other. Jenny got closer to her friend and took her hand. Pulled her closer and said “Now where were we?” She lent in for a kiss but Sara stopped her.

- Jenny stop. What are we doing? I know we did have a great time in the shower together. But I thought it was a onetime thing.

- It could have been. But we were really close to doing it again earlier. And you didn´t stop me then.

- No I didn´t. But now I had time to think about it.

- And you don’t want to continue?

- I´m not sure. What kind of friendship will we have after this?

- Closer than others. Jenny said with a big smile.

- I´m not sure if it’s a good idea. I´m a single girl making out with my best friend. It´s tempting though.

- I have a solution. What about I stop to be your friend.

- What? How’s that a solution? I don’t want to lose you.

- Let me finish. What if I became your girlfriend instead?

- So you want us to be a couple? I´m not sure if I want to explain for my parents that I´m having a girlfriend.

- Oh come on. I will be there with you when you tell them.

- Good. But I won´t do it just yet. If we are going to be a couple. Do you promise me do keep it a secret until I say it’s okay to tell anyone?

- Sure. I´m not sure I want to tell my mom either. Not now when she just found out that I pee both in the shower and my bikini ha-ha.

- Then I just have one more thing to say about this. Give your girlfriend a kiss. Sara said and got closer to her now lover.

Jenny just smiled and started to kiss Sara. And soon her hand was once again searching its way in to Sara´s panties. This time she wasn´t stopped. Her fingers finally touched Sara´s pussy. She stroked it slowly. And soon she felt her lovers hand on her pussy. And they continued do kiss all the time. Both felt this was the right choice. Sara started to pull her lovers pants down to make it easier to caress her. Jenny did the same to Sara. Now they both were standing in t-shirts and bikini panties. Both girls had their hand inside each others panties. Without saying anything Sara started to pee. This was heaven. Too let her new lover masturbate her while she peed. She moaned and started to bring her hips back and forth. She wanted Jenny to speed up. It wasn´t long before Jenny knew exactly what she had to do.

Something Sara´s moans confirmed. Soon she orgasmed so hard her legs couldn’t hold her up. She falls down and took Jenny with her. While she was lying there and taking deep breaths. She felt Jenny sit on her stomach and leaning down to give her a kiss. Their lips touched and soon Sara felt something familiar. The nice feeling from pee flow down her stomach and down to the ground. Jenny was still caressing her. And too her big surprise, she came for a second time. This was a new experience for her. Never before had she managed to get two orgasms so close to each other. Jenny was still peeing when Sara turned to one side.

So Jenny feels of her and now it was Sara who was on top. It didn’t take long before her hand was inside Jenny´s panties. Feeling her pee was great. And she really wanted Jenny to come too. As soon she kissed her. It happened. Jenny screamed when she came. Fortunately Sara put her other hand over her mouth. Sara got down from her and now they were both lying on the grass breathing heavily. As soon they could get up they ran to the hose too wash off the pee.

- That was great. I have never had an orgasm like that before.

- Neither have I. And the good thing is. Now when you are my girlfriend. It won´t be the last time we do this together.

- And now let us enjoy the day and wheatear.

Now Lena was done washing clothes. She went outside to find Jenny and Sara sitting in the garden chairs talking. I should not disturb them just yet she thought. So she decided to walk to the side of the house where she planted some flowers. While Linda looked around to see how much they have grown. A pressure in her bladder said it was time for a pee. No one could see her so she decides to just let it out where she´s standing. Soon her bikini panties turned darker as her pee came out in a slow spurt. She felt the warmth go down her legs. It felt so good. So good it made her feel something she hasn’t felt in a long time.

The need to have an orgasm. But she wanted to empty her bladder first. It started to form a puddle around her feet. She could soon splash her feet in the puddle. But unfortunately her stream came to an end. So she sat down and started to masturbate. It felt so good when she felt some warmth from her pee. She stroked faster and not long after that she came. Somehow she didn´t scream. But she took deep breaths and just enjoyed the feeling she had in her body. She figured she didn´t have to wash off. Both her daughter and her best friend wet themselves too. Linda went back and sat down with the girls.

- Mum did you wet yourself again? Your bikini is darker in the crotch.

- Yes I did. Why go inside to pee when you have a bikini on? Especially now when we all pee through it.

- You are right. It´s so much easier. And it gives a freedom too. To just pee wherever you are is great. Summer is always good. But now it´s great.

- I have to agree with you. Sara said.

- Before I just peed in the shower and in the lake. Who thought peeing could be this fun. Jenny replied.

- Girls I think we are comfortable with each other. Can I ask something that you two promise me to answer honestly?

Both girls said yes without hesitation. Even if they were a bit nervous about what it would be.

- Well I just want to know. I think I know the answer. But I want to hear it from you. Did you really have an accident when you wet your beds?

- Honestly mom. No I did it on purpose. I just was curious about how it would feel. And when I did it. Sara wanted to try too. So I said sure. And now you know.

- Great thanks girls for being honest. Just promise me that you won´t do it again. I don´t want you to ruining the beds.

- Sure mom I promise.

- I promise too. Sara said.

- That’s great. At least wait until it’s time to change beds.

Al three laughed. This was really a great day. And it isn´t over yet. After half an hour of talking. They decided to have a barbecue evening. And they wanted it to be girls only. So they decided to invite Sara´s mother. Just so Linda had someone her age to talk with. They also decided it will al start in about an hour. Jenny and Linda had to go in to the city to buy everything they will need. And Sara was going home to tell her mother about it. The girls stood up and started to walk. When Linda stopped.

- I just got an idea. Why don´t we take one last pee before we go?

- But what will my mum say when she sees that my bikini is darker between my legs?

- It´s very easy Sara. We are going do wash off first. Then use your towel to dry as much as possible.

- Sounds good. I need to pee anyway.

Al three of them stopped and looked at each other with a smile. Then one by one they started to pee. What a sight if anyone would have seen them. Three girls wetting themselves even do they should know better. If someone would have seen them. They would have seen streams going down all three girls legs. But they would never feel the warmth and relief they felt. That they felt relief wasn´t hard to hear because all of them were going ahh. Linda stopped first followed by Sara and after ten seconds Jenny. They started laughing and washed off. Before they said goodbye for now.

*020*2018-07-23 10:15

{{On 11/14/2017 at 8:09 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was great I can't wait to read about what will happen at the bbq

}}

Thank you very much. Glad to hear it.

{{On 11/15/2017 at 7:18 AM, mikey mike said:

I can't wait to read about what happens at the bbq either....

}}

Hehe sorry the wait is so long. Lost inspiration.

{{On 11/15/2017 at 8:57 AM, Manowar said:

This chapter was hot! I just can't wait for continuation.

}}

Glad to hear it. Thank you.

{{On 7/19/2018 at 5:13 PM, Babedut123 said:

Pls continue this story. It's amazing.

}}

Thank you. I forgot about this series myself he he.

{{On 7/19/2018 at 9:26 PM, Ondinist said:

Only just come across these stories. They are great! And even more impressive as you are writing in English, when it is not your first language. I would love to read more.

}}

Nice to hear someone just found it. It been a while since I started this story. Thank you for your kind words. I can use English when i speak but spelling is another thing. But i think it good enough for the members here to understand. I hope.

{{On 7/21/2018 at 1:59 AM, Asuna.bed.wet. said:

I would like it too, but I do not think it will continue.

}}

Well I have to tell you. Your wrong, it will continue. Thanks to all comments I got the last days. So 2 days ago I started to do part 7. And now its done. But in this case I hope you are not to disappointed to be wrong.

*021*2018-07-23 10:37

After Linda and Jenny changed clothes. Both in dresses now. Was in the supermarket. Looking for something they could put on the grill.

- Mom. What about chicken?

- I don´t know. I´m not sure I want chicken today.

- Yeah, now when you say it. I don´t think I want it either. But lets take a classic. A big steak.

- Yes that´s perfect. And leats make some fries.

- Thats great. Some salad please.

- Of course sweetie.

The next thing they will need was something to drink. The supermarket has a lot of different kinds of soda and juices. It´s good in one way and bad in another. It´s not that easy to choose.

- Ah. All this drink make me feel like I need to have a pee.

- Haha. You have to wait until we get home. It can´t be that bad. We peed for leas then half an hour ago.

- I know. But it has been a great day. To just be able to pee where you are, thru what I´m wearing is great. I love the feeling of freedom it gives me.

- Thats great that you found something that gives you that feeling. But we have to keep it private. It´s not regarded as okay by the public.

- I know mom. I just like it a lot.

- You know I like it too. Wait someone is coming.

A couple came in the same aisle. Talking about drinks for the BBQ they were going to have later. Jenny smiled. When the couple was done and walked away.

- Sounds like we are not the only ones who will have a BBQ tonight.

- No. Probably quite a few will have it tonight.

- Maybe. But ours will be the best.

- Sure it will. Even if we can´t wet ourselves. Now when we invited Sara´s mom.

- Oh I didn´t think about that. Your right. Well maybe we can find a way to do it discretely.

- No Jenny. Don´t take that risk. We have to be careful. If she founds out. The risk is that Sara won´t be allowed to come over anymore.

- O no! That would be terrible. Sara is my best friend. So I just have to do it before she comes over.

- Well you can probably do it one time before she comes over if you plan it right.

- Actually. I will have time to do it twice. I´m sure about that.

- How can you be sure about that?

- Because I´m doing my first one right now.

Linda look down and saw pee came down between her daughter´s legs. Making a splashing sound and the puddle grow. But the stream ended quickly.

- Jenny! I can´t believe you. You just wet yourself in public.

- Sorry mom. But I just couldn´t resist. And I just let some out. I have more but I will save that for later.

- That was a big risk you took.

Jenny looked away from her mother. She was a little bit embarrassed. But something inside her told her to do it. She just hade to know how it would feel to do it in public. It was great. But she also knew her mother was right. The risk was high. Her thoughts were interrupted by a familiar sound.

- Mom! You are peeing too.

- Yeah I know. I just couldn´t let you take that risk alone. And I became curious.

Jenny smiled and looked at her mother closing her eyes and enjoying the feeling. But she also stooped quickly.

- Well now I have tried it too. And I think we have to try some things at home. If we are you somewhere and have to pee. It will be nice to know how to do it discretely.

- Wow mom. You are actually planing on wetting yourself in public again.

- Well just in a emergency. It would be a lot easier then looking for a toilet.

- I´m not going to say no to that. But I think it´s time for us to get back home.

- Yes it is. And we don´t want to stand over two puddels if someone sees us.

So the girls bought the rest they needed and went home.

When they got home. They started to put all things in place and started to prepare for the BBQ. Linda went out and lit the grill while Jenny prepared the salad. Both girls thought this evening will be great. Even if they can´t wet themselves. Jenny thought it was fun thinking about that all this started with peeing in the shower. Something almost everyone does. And now they have started to wet through their panties. Then her mother came back in. When Jenny looked at her legs she smiled. It was wet streaks on both her legs.

- Well I just let some out while I lit the grill.

- So I see. And now it´s my turn. Just to feel the warmth.

And soon she let some pee out. The feeling is great and gets better everytime. Not by much. But better anyway. She stopped just when her pee reached the floor. She smiled and they both continued to get everything ready for the evening. Soon everything was done.

- Well they are here in about ten minutes. So what do you say about we go out and emptie our bladders before it´s to late?

- That sounds like a good idea mom.

They both stepped outside. Stayed behind the house so they couldn´t be seen from the front of the house. And without saying anything they parted their legs and let the pee out. Both had to pee a lot so the girls legs was soon really wet. Both smiling and enjoying the feeling. They peed so much that the ground didn´t have time to suck everything down. But when the girls bladders finally was empty the ground could finally catch up. Just when they stod and enjoyed the feeling they got from their wet panties. A sound came from the front of the house and got closer. It was Sara and her mother Erika. Luckily Jenny and Linda had time to move away from the puddles. But there was no time to dry of their legs.

- Hello girls. Thank you for inviting me. Erika said.

- You are welcome. My mother needs someone to talk to. When Sara and me talk about things she´s not that interested about.

- I can understand that. The young has their own language haha.

- Well we can say the same about adults.

- Yes I gues you can haha. But I just have to ask. Why are you both wet on your legs?

- Oh. We have prepared everything outside and the sun warmed our legs. So we cooled them down with water. Jenny said and winked at her girlfriend.

- Thats a good idea. That will probably come handy this evening. Erika replied.

- Well then. Lets get started with our BBQ. Linda said and started to go against the grill.

Erika followed her to see if there was something she could help out with. But Jenny and Sara stayed and Sara pulled Jenny behind the bush were the hose was.

- You both had wet yourself´s didn´t you? Sara asked in a low voice.

- Yes we did. We wanted to enjoy it one last time before your mother came. We can´t wet ourselfes when she´s here.

- I know. I can´t do it either. And I really need to go. In all excitement for this evening I forgot to go before we left.

Well we are standing beside the hose. So just go and I will start the water if your mother comes.

- Oh thank you so much. Good thing both me and my mother are wearing bikinis. Well for me it´s a good thing at least.

Then Sara smiled and without moving her legs she started to pee. It was so clear that she really enjoyed herself. The pleasure was great. To feel the pee go down her legs. For a moment she was in her private heaven. She was really close to start to touch herself. But stopped before her hand touched her bikini panties. She opened her eyes and look straight in her lovers. Sara quickly gave Jenny a kiss.

- Just a quick one. I don´t want my mom to see that I´m kissing in her eyes my best friend.

- I understand. We take it slow until we feel it´s time to reveal that we are a couple. So should I spray water on your legs now?

- No I don´t think thats necessary. You didn´t do it and my mom believed you.

- Yeah but you can´t see our panties.

- Oh you are right. But just from the waist down please.

- Sure. Well the warmth the pee gave you will be gone now when the cold water hits you.

- Sadly yes. But now we know that we can wet ourselfs if we do it here.

- Yeah and thats great. But we have to be careful so Erika don´t see us do it.

- Of course. Now lets go back to our mother´s.

When the girls got back. The grill was lit and their mother´s had a drink each. Sara and Jenny took a glass soft drink each. They talk about how the liked the neighborhood and gossiped about the neighbors. Jenny and Linda went inside just to change to bikinis. When the food was ready they sat down to eat. They talked and laughed. A really nice evening.

After all drinks she took, Linda feelt she would need to pee soon. So she asked her daughter to help her without saying what she needed help with. She also told Sara and Erika to sit and wait. When Linda and Jenny came to the busch. Linda pointed on the hose. Jenny knew immediately what her mother needed. So she started the water and was just going to start to aim at her mothers legs. Linda stopped her. She wanted to pee first. Jenny smiled and waited for her mother to emptied her bladder.

Soon Linda´s blue bikini panties got darker and pee ran down legs. She had to look down on her legs while she peed. Jenny looked at her mother and smiled. This is great. Both like to wet themselves now. She tried to feel if she needed to pee too. And yes she could do it if she wanted. She wanted to do it a lot. So she planed on doing it when her mother was done. At her mothers feet the pee formed a puddle and if her mother wanted. It was enough to splash her feet in it. But she just enjoyed the feeling. After about thirty seconds after she started, her bladder was empty and Jenny pointed the water against Linda´s legs. While she did that she got a poke on her left shoulder. It was Sara.

- I´m sorry if I scared you. I guessed you went here for a pee. So thats why I´m here.

- Sure Sara you can take my place. I´m done now anyway. Linda said.

Linda steeped aside and Sara now stood in the same spot Linda peed. Just when she was about to let go. Her mother came.

- There you are. Everyone left so I was just curious about what you were doing.

- Oh we are just cooling our legs down. Jenny said.

- That sounds like a great idea. I will just go in and use your bathroom first.

- You do that mom. I will cool you down when you are ready. Sara said to her mother.

Erika went inside. Sara walked to the door and watched her mother go in to the bathroom.

- Well while she´s in there. Lets pee without the water on. We have time enough to go before she gets out.

- That´s fine with me. I love the feeling it gives me. And to have the water on is not the same.

- Great. On three. One two three pee. Sara said.

Within five seconds both girls where peeing. The both closed their eyes to enjoy the feeling to the max. Sara´s pee ran down her legs but most of Jenny´s pee just went straight down. So she put her legs closer to each other and that feel a lot better. Now it went down her legs just as she wanted. Just when the where almost done. A voice they did not want to hear was heard. Erika´s.

*024*2019-10-04 19:14

Erikas voice was surprisingly not angry but surprised.

- Are you peeing yourself Sara? Why?

- Ohh mom. Well I just don´t see any point with go in and use the toilet when I´m wearing a bikini. It´s made to be wet so why not pee though it? Jenny does it too.

- So I see. How long have you been doing this?

- Well I tried it on my own a couple of years ago. But I only did it two times that year. After that I did it maybe five times at most the following years on land. In the water well then I do it every time I go swimming. A can´t even remember when I started doing it.

- In the water don´t surprise me. I figured that out when we where at the beach for hours and you never went to the toilet.

- I never saw you go either.

- No because I did exactly the same thing. I think almost everyone does it. I have been doing it for so long as I can remember. If you want I can tell you about the first time I did it.

- Of course I want to hear that story.

- I also want to hear it. Let´s go back to the table. Jenny said.

They walked back and sat down. Both Jenny´s and Sara´s eyes was filled with expectation.

- So one day both me and my mother was at the beach. We talked and sunbathed. After a couple of hours I needed to pee. So I told my mother about it. And she answered straight out that I should go down into the water and just do it. My first reaction was shock. That my mom could suggest such a thing. But soon after that I understood how logical it was. Then my mother shocked me even more. She said she would come with me because she hade to pee too. So there we was. Standing waist deep in the water side by side. I glanced at my mother and she just smiled and nodded. I knew she was peeing so I started to let go too. It was a great feeling and it also feelt like this was mom´s and mine own secret. After that day I peed in the water every time I was at the beach.

- Wow that was a really nice story. The feeling of peeing in the water is wonderful. Jenny said.

- I have to agree. Sara said with joy.

- So Linda what do you think about my story? I hope I did´t shock you too much.

- Oh no everything about it was great. I think it just natural to pee in the water through your swimsuit.

- Yeah me too. But then I have to ask you. Did you know your daughter peed through it on land as well?

- Yes I did. But she started doing it in front of me for the first time just last week. And I´m not mad or trying to stop her doing it. A bikini is made for water after al. So pee won´t damage it.

- I guess you´re right. So Sara. If you have to pee and are out with Jenny or at home with your bikini on. You can just go through it.

- Thank you so much mom. I think it´s a lot easier to do it that way then have to go al the way inside. So I can promise it won´t take long before you se me doing it.

- Well I have already seen you. So no need to hold it back anymore.

Sara just smiled and to her surprise she feelt she could pee. And since her mother already said it was okay, she just let it out. A hiss could be heard. Erika started to laugh.

- Well you wastes no time I hear.

- Of course not. Now when I know it´s okay I won´t hold it back anymore.

- And my mom already know I do it. Jenny said and another hiss could be heard.

Both Erika and Linda laughed. As soon as they emptied their bladders. Jenny and Sara got up and said they wanted to take a walk. Linda said it was okay but they hade to wash of with the hose first. So they did and of they went.

- Okay Erika. Now when our daughters are gone. How about we walk around our garden. I can show you the plants I planted this spring. And talk about well whatever we come up with.

- Sounds good. I really like flowers so maybe you can give me some tips?

- Of course. Just ask and I will answer as good as I can.

- Well my first question isn´t about flowers och gardening. But I have to ask. What happened last week that made Jenny pee through her bikini for the first time in front of you?

- Actually she told me she did it when we talked about peeing in the shower. She was going to take a shower and didn´t know I came home just when she was about to step in to the shower. She had not started the shower yet. Just when I was outside the door. I heard a stream hit the floor. But I knew it wasn´t the shower. And then I heard ahhh. So I knew she peed and feelt relieved. Not long after the sound of the stream ceased the shower started.

- Wow, so she pees in the shower too. Well that´s not that unusual I´m guessing. I have heard a lot of people talk about it.

- If you ask me I will say it´s normal.

- So what you are actually saying is that you pee in the shower as well?

- I do actually. I stopped for a couple of years when Jenny was born because in the beginning when she was really young we showered together. So it didn´t feel right to do it with her in there.

- I understand. I would never pee in the shower with my daughter in there.

- But you will and do when you shower?

- There doesn't seem to be any reason to be ashamed of it. So honestly, I do it every time I shower.

- It´s a nice feeling. Right?

- Well yes it is. A can just relax and let it flow with out a care.

- It really is a great feeling. So you don´t think it feels weird when the pee goes down your legs?

- No it doesn´t. I don´t mind if it does.

- Interesting. When you started laughing when Sara peed herself at the table. I was wondering if you peed in the shower. Based on your reaction.

- Haha yeah I do. And if I know I´m going to shower later and have to pee. I hold it and do it in there.

- That´s great. You know what? All this talk about pee have made me have to go.

- It does that to me as well. Talking about it a lot makes my need come much faster.

- Yeah. Fortunately we are outside so it´s really easy to do.

- Just crouch down and pull the bikini to one side and pee. So easy outside.

- Well I won´t do it that way. I will follow our daughters example.

- Pee trough your bikini standing here?

- Yes why not? Just as we said. They are made for water so no need to pull it aside.

- Wow. I can honestly say I didn´t see you as a bikini peeing person.

- If this was two weeks ago I would not have done it. My daughter persuaded me to try it. I did and I liked how easy it was. It gives me a similar feeling as I get when I pee in the shower but even stronger.

- Okay if you say so.

- Have you never tried it?

- No never on land. Always in the water as you already know.

- Well then you should do it with me now. Try it and I´m sure you will like it just as much or even more than when you do it in the shower.

- I don´t know if that is a good idea.

- Come on just try it once. Now one will know except me. We just walk to the hose and wash you of afterwards. Now is your chance. Sara and Jenny will never know about this.

- Okay then. I will try it.

- Perfect. Just imagine you´re in the shower and let it out.

- That sounds like a good idea.

And with that the two women looked at each other and Linda was the first one to pee. But shortly after Erika started as well. Linda smiled when she saw Erika close her eyes. Warm pee was flowing down their legs. They both needed to go a lot. Finally both was done. And immediately Linda hade to ask.

- So how was it?

- You was right. It was wonderful.

- Yes I´m so happy you liked it. So will you do it again with me?

- Of course I will. And not only that. I think I will do just as Sara. If I´m wearing my bikini I will pee though it.

- I just have to hug you. This is great. I have a pee buddy.

- Yes you have. And we will do this often.

- So what do you think Sara will say when you wet yourself as well now?

- I don´t know. But I guess she will be happy to know she won´t be alone to do it when she´s at home and with out Sara.

- I think both of them will be shocked when the see you do it. And to make sure you have to pee when they comes back. Let´s go and take something to drink.

