Family Bladder

Author: MOV

*000*2018-06-19 15:07

Sarah, Kelsey, and Olivia walked down the sidewalk away from the concert that they had just attended. They weren’t satisfied with that they had payed for. The lines were too long everywhere. Long lines to get in, long lines to buy drinks so they didn’t bother, and long lines for the bathroom, which they also decided not to bother with. Olivia, 19 years old, is Kelsey’s sister, who is 18 years old. Sarah is there mother, 40 years old.

“Is it me or could that entire thing have been better?” asked Kelsey.

“I know, and I didn’t get a chance to pee becuase of those freaking lines.” Olivia slightly shifted and put her hand to the crotch of her jeans as she said this.

”Yeah, they could have planned it better. And all the taxis and Uber’s got used up as soon as it was over.” As she said this Sarah crossed her legs for a second to hold in her growing urge to pee. “If we can’t find one it’s going to be a 45 minute walk.” Sarah was an attractive medium height woman with straight black hair and paleish skin. She had large thighs, a small hip, and a large well porportioned butt. She’s wearing white cotton panties under her floral sundress.

Kelsey was annoyed to hear this. “This is all their fault.” She slightly crouched down and put both hands on the crotch of her black yoga pants leggings. Kelsey had curly black hair that went just past her shoulders, was a little under medium height, and inherited her mother’s waist figure. “I can’t hold it for that long”.

”Well you’re going to have to. No place is open this late that you can stop in”. Olivia was getting annoyed at her sister, she knew where Kelsey was going with her words. Olivia had light brunette hair, was the smallest of the three, but still had the family waistline.

Kelsey replied “No it’s too long of a wait”.

Sarah, also knowing what Kelsey had in mind, said back to her “You’ll be fine, we’re all grown ups”.

”But I really have to go” Kelsey replied as she put on a sad face and started doing a full scale potty dance. She was a few paces a head of the other two and was looking to see who was around. Nobody was paying attention to them. “Yeah just forget it, I can’t hold it”. She then faced towards anybody who may look with her back towards her family, and started to pee her pants. The back of her yoga pants became soaked with the front only slightly damp at the crotch. A puddle piled around her.

”For fucks sake” remarked Olivia

”I can’t believe my adult daughter still wets her pants” said Sarah, exasperated.

Olivia was ticked off. Kelsey has always done stuff like this. The minute she tells you she has to pee, she’ll decide to pee herself if she has to wait. Whether a teacher ask her to wait five minutes or a gas station on the road is far away, she won’t even try to wait. And she always got away with it with nothing worse than a mild scolding. The one time Olivia tried it she got yelled at and berated for not acting mature.

”Well that’s better.” Kelsey said with a look of relief on her face and continued walking.

Meanwhile, Olivia continued her struggled walk, determined to pee in a toilet. However, Sarah had to pee more than she was letting on to her daughters. Seeing Keylsey wet herself only made it worse, and she lost a drop of pee into her panties. However, while she had to pee the most, she also had the strongest bladder and was fairly confident she could hold the rest until she got to a bathroom.

Olivia wasn’t looking so good though. She kept having to stop and cross her legs, she was slowing down and there was still a half hour to go. Kelsey saw this and playfully took out a water bottle from her bag, shook it, and sipped it in front of her. Olivia felt a drop of pee touch her red panties.

“Stop! I’m going to pee myself!” Olivia yelled. It wouldn’t be the first time, but she didn’t pee herself nearly as often as Keylsey did, and she really didn’t want to become known as pee pants girl.

Seeing this made Sarah dribble a few more drops into her panties. She didn’t react though, she didn’t want her daughters to think peeing yourself was normal. Hopefully she could keep pretending to be fine and make it to the bathroom otherwise.

With 20 minutes to go Olivia stopped, started breathing heavily, and let go a huge sigh as a big steam of pee went into her pants. A six inch line was visible on her front, and the bulge of her butt was mostly soaked.

“I...I can still...make...it” she said shakily. But at that she lost it all and pee flowed down both legs, front and back, soaking her jeans.

“You guys, you gotta try better at holding it” Sarah told them. Little did they know that the scene made Sarah spurt a small stream into her underwear.

Olivia’s fave was bright red, she didn’t want to say anything more. They continued walking back to their apartment. Sarah was getting in worse shape by the minute though. Even worse was Keylsey kept berating the defenseless Olivia.

“Enough Kelsey. You peed your pants on purpose. Olivia had an accident.” Sarah did not want to deal with this. She was resorting to crossing her legs now and then. She had the strongest bladder, but that didn’t mean much compared to her kids.

5 minutes away from the apartment, some fire works started going off in the sky. All three looked up as they walked. At three minutes to go, Sarah was sweating at how much she had to go. With her kids not paying attention to her, she crossed her legs and potty danced. She was at the breaking point. 1 minute away from the apartment, with the building in sight, Sarah knew she wasn’t going to make it. She was thinking of how to explain it to Kelsey and Olivia, but then the grand Finale of the fireworks went off. Just then Sarah started peeing. She thought fast, and nothing her kids looking intently at the fire works, croutched down behind a corner, hiked up her dress, and peed forcefully through her panties. She peed for 25 seconds. She wasted no time getting up and inspecting the damage. Luckily, her dress was dry except for a small dime sized wet spot on her butt. She rejoined her kids who didn’t even know she left, and made their way into their apartment.

”Give me your wet clothes, I’ll wash them” Sarah said. Kelsey gave over her black yoga pants and polka dot panties, and Olivia gave her Jeans and red panties. Before putting them in the wash Sarah went to her bathroom. She lifted up her floral dress and inspected her panties. They had practically turned from white to yellow all over. She slid them off and put all their clothes in the wash. Little did she know that Kelsey noticed her mom clutching an extra pair of panties and that she had changed her dress.

*003*2018-06-21 04:13

Chapter 2.

It has been a few days since the concert, but Kelsey was still giddy at the fact that her mom Sarah had peed herself. Or at least she was fairly certain that she had. She hadn’t seen her mother’s actual accident, but noticed that when they got home she suddenly didn’t have to pee anymore and added the underwear she was wearing to the laundry. Kelsey was excited because her mom never pees her pants. She had always scolded Kelsey that adults aren’t supposed to wet themselves and had been a good role model for that, but if she had actually peed herself that night she couldn’t in good conscience be mad at Kelsey. Or at least in Kelsey’s logic. The fact that Olivia and Sarah held it until they couldn’t anymore, while she just peed herself out of convenience didn’t seem to factor into her line of thought.

However, the evidence from that night was long gone. Laundry had been done multiple times, and Kelsey didn’t want to seem weird by suddenly asking her mom “Hey did you pee yourself the other night?”. She needed proof that even her mom could have an accident though. Kelsey came up with the first of two ideas. She would talk about about one of her own accidents and hopefully get Sarah to open up and tell the truth about the other night.

At dinner that night Kelsey explained to Olivia and Sarah that ”Last week I was with my friend Kayla at the movies. We saw Deadpool 2. It was so funny that I kept laughing so hard, I actually peed my pants!” She laughed as she told them this and scanned their faces for their reactions. They both just looked at her funny. Not being the response she wanted, she went on “It sucks having to always pee my pants in front of everyone, it’s so embarrassing” and put on a sad face in hopes of a pity story. Sarah just rolled her eyes and Olivia asked “Hey can you stop putting your peed clothes with mine in the laundry? K thanks”.

With the night being a bust and having slightly less dignity, Kelsey came up with a second plan; to stage another accident for her mother. The plan was relatively simple, get Sarah to do something tiring so she drinks a lot, and try to keep her away from the bathroom. And the best activity to accomplish this? Hiking.

The next morning Kelsey invited Sarah on to the hike that late evening. It’d be a long trail that while not busy they were sure to encounter others while walking. They made sure to bring plenty of water bottles as the day was extremely hot. Kelsey wore black and pink running shorts and Sarah wore black sweatpants, both of which complimented their figures.

The hike went on as exactly as Kelsey hoped. It was a steep trail that took a lot of energy to climb around. They both steadily drank their water without hesitation in the hot and humid weather. The occasional passerby met them so Sarah would absolutely not squat and drop her pants. Kelsey wouldn’t mind, and infact at the halfway point she had to pee. Instinctively she began to pee, staining her blue underwear, but she stopped. She realized it would be best to keep her Sarah’s mind off the topic of pee besides her own, as to not taint the experiment. Sarah also had to pee at the halfway point, and checked every land mark they passed for a port a potty. She wouldn’t find one though, as Kelsey deliberately picked a trail that only featured out of order ones at most.

At the three quarter point Kelsey was getting anxious. She actually never had to hold her pee so she wasn’t used to this feeling. She was wondering whether SHE would make it to the bathroom. Wet pants was not a strange concept to her, but it had always been under her control. Rarely was it something she had to worry about losing control unexpectanly.

Sarah on the other hand was just annoyed. When she had to pee, she held it. This was something she dealt with periodically, so her mind was on finding a bathroom so she could move on. Just an inconvenience of the day.

At the end of the trail they wasted no time going to the car. Kelsey was hoping Sarah would wet her pants on the trail but it was a long shot anyway, plus she wanted to get to a bathroom herself. And there was always the ride home to deal with. However, Kelsey noticed Sarah was skipping stopping at businesses that would have a restroom on the way back.

“Let’s just wait until we get home for the bathroom. I’ve used some of these before and they’re disgusting. Unless you want to go for yourself. ” Sarah told Kelsey.

”No, I agree” Kelsey replied.

By the time they got home 20 minutes later both girls were squirming in their seats. Kelsey just didn’t want to inspire her mom to be the better person and hold it if she ended up peeing herself, and Sarah decided to drop the modesty of not holding yourself after her incident at the concert. When she parked, both girls bolted in. Kelsey was actually glad to see a toilet, until she realized that Sarah was infront of it, and closed and locked the bathroom door.

Kelsey pounded on the door. Her legs were shaking. “Mom this IS NOT funny. Open the door!!!”. Unfortunately for her she never really developed her holding skills, and she slowly lost her hold and pee spread through her shorts and onto the floor. She just sighed. The end result wasn’t a big deal for her, she just hated that she lost control.

Sarah emerged from the bathroom, and Kelsey just pointed out her pee stain and puddle. “Well did you make it at least?” Keylsey asked hoping to hear that in the end the plan worked and Sarah actually wet herself. Without saying a word Sarah just rolled her eyes and lowered her sweat pants for a second revealing her dry white panties, and then turned around showing that her butt was also dry. With that, she just walked past the defeated Kelsey.

”That was fun sweetheart, thanks for inviting me” said Sarah in the hall drinking another bottle of water. “That took a lot out of me. I’m just going to go to bed now”.

That night Sarah hazily walked to the bathroom to pee. She plopped herself down on the toilet and peed straight away. After she was done, Sarah noticed a problem. In her tiredness, she never put up the toilet cover. Or take off her pajama pants. She didn’t feel the correct wetness though. It was there, but she was certain that this didn’t feel like wetting her pants. But why?

Sarah then opened her eyes to find her in her bed with the sun shining through the window. Confused, she remembered her pee dream, and then felt the damp sensation around her legs. She looked under the covers and saw a huge pee stain on the sheets and on her red pajamas.

Shit.

She figured she was so tired from the hike she didn’t wake up to pee out all the extra water that her body still had to process after her only pee after the hike. She rubbed her head. This was bad. It had been too many years to count since she had last wet the bed. This wasn’t her thing. Her kids were regular bedwetters until they were almost teens, so bedwetting was supposed to only be a recent memory for them. She was the one who was always supposed to be dry, the one to help.

In the middle of that thought, Olivia came into the room. Sarah discreetly pulled the covers back over herself to conceal the stain and hoped the smell wasn’t noticeable. “Mommy can we talk?” She asked

“We can always talk” Sarah replied. This was not the time for her to help Olivia through one of her moods, but she couldn’t say anything. Sarah blamed herself for having the best advice. “Don’t you have work this morning though?”

But Olivia talked about every emotion she was currently even thinking about, and Sarah gave her all the advice she needed. Olivia was so happy that she gave Sarah a hug, which Sarah orchestrated to not touch the pee. Olivia left, and Sarah could finally breathe. Of course Olivia will come in tomorrow morning for the same exact advice like she does every day, but that’s okay. Kelsey should be out in her college class by now, so she took the sheets and brought them to the laundry room without changing. Of course, the last thing that Sarah wanted to happen, happened. She heard the door open, and heard Kelsey yell hello. Panicking Sarah reached into the washing machine to grab the sheets with her butt pointing out into the open, and heard “OH MY GOD, MOM!!!”. Kelsey bardged into the laundry room smiling with a massive grin pointing at her mom’s wet butt.

”You actually wet your pants!”

”No I didn’t”.

”Are you kidding? You totally did. And what’s in here?” Kelsey reached into the washing machine and pulled out the peed sheets. She sniffed them, and smiled. “This is totally pee. You wet the bed didn’t you?”.

Sarah seeing no way out of this, confirmed “Yes I did. I didn’t do it on purpose, I just drank a lot of water last night and didn’t use the bathroom enough before bed.”

”Wow, this makes me feel so much better about how you always berate me for peeing myself. Not even I wet the bed!” Kelsey exclaimed. “You also peed after the concert didn’t you?”

Sarah did feel okay lying here. “I dribbled a little bit, but I held it beyond that.”

Kelsey, not convinced but satisfied, said “okay Mom, accidents happen. It’s okay to pee yourself if you can’t get to a bathroom”. Kelsey fled the room after that and left Sarah alone.

Sarah stripped and put her peed pajamas into the wash too. She sighed, “my freaking kids. They drive me crazy”.

*007*2018-06-22 13:29

Chapter three takes place a few months after Chapter two.

Chapter 3

Olivia was at a get-together at her friend Emily’s house. Emily was a medium height dirty blond with long hair and was a more skinny figure. There was more or less about half a dozen people. The main attraction of the night was Cards Against Humanity. Some alcohol was around but Olivia only had one bottle of beer becuase she wasn’t a fan of getting drunk and her body didn’t have much of an alcohol tolerance, so she mainly treated her dehydration with water and soda. She chose to wear grey leggings for the small party.

The game was in full swing. And she was damn good at it. Olivia had by far the most black cards out of everybody. It was probably because she had the best sense of humor to match the game. Every time she had to read other people’s cards she would absolutely burst into uncontrollable laughter. Every time that happened she needed to drink something to catch her breath. By the time she had won six rounds she had downed a can of soda along with two bottles of water, plus the beer she had earlier.

And at that point in the game she was starting to have to pee pretty bad. But they were in the height of the game so she didn’t want to leave and miss a couple of rounds. Instead she crossed her legs and kept eagerly playing. Olivia looked over to Emily to see how she was liking the game. Unlike Olivia, Emily had nothing against getting plastered while drinking. She looked to be having a ton of fun as well, probably in no small part due to her altered mind. But that was good enough for Olivia to stay and keep having fun.

After winning another round, Olivia got to read everybody’s cards again. She came across one that was so incredibly funny, she had to put her head down while laughing and her face became red. She remembered the pee that she was holding, but couldn’t stop laughing. She squeezed her legs harder to compensate, but her laugh just went on forever. She couldn’t stop some pee coming out into her light green underwear, but yet she still kept laughing. Her pee kept coming out until it soaked her underwear, and didn’t regain control of her bladder and laughter until she started wetting the crotch of her leggings a little bit.

”Oh shit” Olivia laughed. She made a face to Emily.

”What’s wrong?” Emily asked.

”I literally just peed” Olivia replied while gesturing to the small stain on her crotch.

Emily smiled and looked under the table, emerged and said “oh shit you’re right” while laughing. Olivia and Emily had been friends for years, and Olivia had already had a couple of accidents in front of Emily, and Emily peed her pants in front of Olivia once, so Olivia felt okay sharing her mishap.

Everybody else was too impaired to notice, so Olivia didn’t care. She still had to pee though. So once the game winded down, she went to the bathroom. To her surprise, the door was locked. She knocked and got a reply from two people, a guy and a women, telling her to go away.

“Are you freaking serious” she thought to herself.

She went back to the table and sat down. Emily saw that she came back quickly and guessed that she didn’t get to go. “Keep squirming girl” she laughed, and so did Olivia. And Olivia did just that, kept crossing and recrossing her legs in her seat.

After a couple of minutes she knew she had to go immediately. Back to the bathroom she went to knock on the door. But once again, the couple was still using the privacy of the room. Olivia had no choice but to go back to the table.

Before sitting down she did a pee dance in front of everybody and exclaimed “I got to go haha!”. Emily just gave her a smile. While sitting down, Olivia once again kept crossing her legs, shifting, and putting her hand to her crotch. She couldn’t concentrate on what everyone was talking about. After just two more minutes, she lost a drop of pee into her already wet panties that she peed a little earlier while laughing. Only a second after that, a steady stream started and began to pool around her butt and drip down her legs to the wooden floor. Everybody heard this and stopped talking. One girl asked to Olivia, who was the only person with a red face who looked embarrassed, “did you just pee your pants?”.

Olivia just nodded yes. Emily said “oh my god, stand up, let us see”.

Olivia oblidged, and turned around so everyone can see how her grey leggings were now dark on her butt. Everyone laughed, but not in a mean spirited way. Though one girl did take a picture and captioned it “pee pants girl”. Right after they went back to their own conversations not giving the incident another thought.

Emily, still plastered, remarked, “oh, I forgot. I got to go too.” She stood up after that and made her way to the bathroom. Olivia followed suit.

Emily got the same answer Olivia did after knocking. She swayed a bit and said “Oh...man...”. At that, Olivia noticed that Emily’s light blue jeans were suddenly becoming dark and wet. The ensuing puddle crept under the bathroom door too. Emily tuned around and just shrugged her shoulders. Olivia just gave her a smirk. They went back to the table, and Emily announced that anybody who had to pee while the couple were in the bathroom had permission to just do it on the floor by the front door where the couple left their shoes.

Emily let Olivia borrow a pair of pink leggings and underwear from her room to change into, but she didn’t stay long afterwards. Olivia made her way home walking with her peed clothes in a plastic shopping bag. Once she got in, she went immediately to the laundry room. It was good timing, becuase Kelsey was there too putting her own peed underwear and leggings in the washing machine. Kelsey got excited when she saw that her sister had an accident, and wanted details, but Olivia shut that down. She just put her clothes away and went to her room. With nothing to do, she checked Instagram, and the first thing she saw was her wetting picture with the “pee pants girl” caption. Of course, Kelsey was among the first to leave a like and comment “lol”.
