Family Bladder

Author: MOV

*013*2018-07-01 13:06

Chapter 4

Sarah sipped on her coffee while she sat in her conference. It was just another bureaucratic meeting that had nothing to do with anything, and everybody knew it. Even the conference leader was just trying to pass the time, as the conferences were scheduled on Friday and she figured they may as well stretch it out so they could start the weekend when they finished. However, corporate mandated complete attendance, so nobody could leave until the leader called it quits.

Today Sarah was wearing tight khakis and a nice white shirt. Her friend, Kathy, sat next to her. She is an attractive 35 year old curvy red head women . Kathy was also drinking coffee, and had an empty water bottle in her purse. She chose to wear black slacks today.

The pair only used slight discretion to text each other during the meeting. They texted about the usual stuff they did on these Friday meetings: some office gossip, how each other looked, how useless the meeting was, etc. But towards the end, Kathy texted to Sarah,

”I’m dying for a piss lol.”

Sarah giggled and looked up at Kathy. Kathy saw her look up, smiled, and squirmed a little bit in her seat to demonstrate her need. Sarah saw Kathy go back to her phone.

”Come on! When are they going to let us out!?”

“I don’t know but I could actually use the bathroom too.”

”I think everyone does”

Sure enough, most people in the conference were slightly jiggling in their seat, empty drinks in hand, while shooting the clock frequent glances.

On and on the meeting went. Occasionally Kathy would poke Sarah above the hip to tease her. Sarah wasn’t a fan of how that made her bladder feel. After a while she retaliated and tickled Kathy when she wasn’t looking.

In response Kathy put her hand on her mouth so she wouldn’t laugh out loud. She also crossed her legs and squeezed her thighs tight. Then she felt at her crotch and looked down. Sarah could tell that Kathy mouthed a curse. Kathy took out her phone again to text Sarah.

”Fuck, you just made me pee”

”omg sorry. We’ll make sure no one sees though. We’ll leave after everyone else and you can tie my jacket at your waist.”

”Slow down it wasn’t that bad. Not too much of it came out. I just got to change my underwear before I see my husband tonight. Or not. He’ll get over it.”

Sarah giggled again. This time she had to cross her thighs to hold in her bladder. Kathy tapped Sarah’s shoulder to get her attention. Then she pointed to the conference leader.

”Okay everyone now is as good time as any to stop for today. “ The leader said, while the two girls noticed her crossing her legs as she said that. “We’ll pick up here next week”.

The conference leader immediately left and went to the bathroom. Everybody else got up and started heading out. Kathy remarked to Sarah “Wait, if we need to pee, that’s too bad. But if the ‘conference supreme’ has to tinkle, the conference actually ends?”

Sarah just nodded and grabbed her things. As she stood up the weight of her bladder took full force on her. She had to bend with her hands in her crotch to keep it in. Kathy saw this and imitated the action to tease Sarah, and to help her own need.

“I didn’t know you have to go that bad haha” Kathy told Sarah.

”I didn’t either. Too much coffee I guess” Sarah replied.

The two left the conference room, and to their horror, saw that just about everyone was ahead of them in line for the bathroom. Kathy just laughed at the absurdity of their situation. Sarah gave her a frightened look though. She had to go, immediately. They were waiting for a one stall girls room, and with this many people in line, it might take an hour to get in. It went against her instincts to do so, but Sarah started to jiggle and cross her legs in a pee dance to repress her urge. Otherwise, she was going to start peeing.

After fifteen minutes Sarah couldn’t even hold still if she tried. Her body was vibrating. Her clothes were still dry but it was getting exponentially harder to hold it as time went on. She was actually scared that she was going to pee in her pants, at work no less. And she didn’t see any way out of it. Unless...

”Kathy if I keep waiting in this line, I’m not going to make it. I know it’s a long shot, but I’m going to check if theirs any toilets in the shut down office upstairs”.

”Okay girl. Just be careful, it’s like a construction zone up their”.

Sarah nodded, and left the line. Just down the hall was some stars that led to an upstairs office that was shut down for building code reasons. As she went up, she had to move signs out of the way. When she got to the office, the automatic lights went on, revealing miscellaneous tools and such strown about. Every office level in the building had the same layout, so she knew where the bathroom would be. She turned the corner to get to the ladies room and her heart sank when her fear was confirmed true. A big sign was on the door that said “out of order”.

Sarah tried pulling on the door anyway, but it was locked. Sighing, she figured she’d just try going back to the working bathroom and waiting in line. She had to cross her legs with every step. But after only a few meters, Sarah felt hot pee wetting her white panties. And she couldn’t stop it. It kept coming out, fist soaking her panties, and then wetting her pants from the crotch out. Terrified, Sarah went to a nearby corner and hid. She kept peeing, and could see in a mirror her butt getting darker and a growing wet patch on her legs. The wet patches continued until the entire back of her pants were wet and her front was soaked to her knees.

Sarah was hyperventilating. Her coworkers were just downstairs. There’d be no way to get to her car without passing them. And she couldn’t stay up here all night or else she’d get locked in and her car would be towed. She took one last look at herself in her mirror, and went back downstairs.

As she passed everyone she could here whispering. A lot of people were sympathetic, but some were going to use this for office gossip. Then she saw Kathy. She wasn’t going to wait with Kathy again since she didn’t have to use the bathroom anymore, but Kathy pulled her in for a hug.

”I see you had to do a little walk of shame, huh girly?” Kathy whispered in Sarah’s ear. Sarah just nodded and cried a couple of tears.

“It’s okay Sarah” Kathy told her, and then whispered “look at the floor below me”.

Sarah looked down and noticed that the carpet was wet in a circle right around Kathy.

Kathy whispered, “After you left, I couldn’t hold it, and had a small accident. Or more like a big one.”

Sarah looked at Kathy’s pants, at first glance they didn’t look wet, but they were already pretty black pants. Kathy saw Sarah looking at her pants with a little confusion, and then took Sarah’s hand and placed it on the back of her slacks. They were soaked alright.

Kathy wishpered “It wasn’t noticeable on my pants so I just stayed here thinking nobody would think anything if I stayed, but if I left and there was the puddle people would be suspicious. Listen, I don’t think either of us has to pee anymore. Let’s just go.”

They started to leave, and people saw Sarah’s wet butt again, and started their whispering back up.

Seeing this, Kathy said loudly “FYI, I peed too”, pointing at her puddle.

When they got to the parking garage, the pair talked about what they were going to do when they got home.

”All I know is my kids are going to make fun of me” Sarah said nonchalantly.

“Now I also have to change my pants before I get intimate with my husband. Or I could not and let him see me in my pee pants.” Kathy joked.

Sarah laughed, and said goodbye. She may have been a grown women who peed her pants, but she realized she had pretty understanding people in her life for when it happens.

*018*2019-01-11 18:47

Chapter 5

Kelsey walked with her new friend Christina out of their college class. It was about the end of the semester, and Christiana was the only good friend that Kelsey made. Christina had light brunette hair, was a little shorter than Kelsey, and had slightly wider hips than her. They were both wearing tight dark blue jeans.

It was Friday, and they were excited for the weekend. They had completed most of the work they needed to do for their finals, so Kelsey invited Christina to come over and stay late that night. Christina happily agreed, Kelsey had become her best friend, and also what felt like her only friend. They walked out of their class building, passing a garbage can. Kelsey used this opportunity to throw away her empty coffee cup, and Christina followed suit and threw away her empty Gatorade bottle.

The two excitedly talked about what they were going to do that night as they walked through the campus to the parking lot. Kelsey suggested games to play or movies that they could watch. Christina chimed in with suggestions of her own. They were so preoccupied with their eventual fun that neither of them decided to take a break when they passed a bathroom. As they reached Kelsey’s car, they both realized that they had to pee. Neither of them said anything about it, as they didn’t want to be weird and take a minute to go back since they were already at the car.

Kelsey started the car, and let the engine run for a minute so the heat would turn on. Christina was getting anxious at waiting to even begin moving, so she asked “hey how far away do you live?”

”About 25 minutes away” Kelsey replied.

Christina nodded. She was pretty sure she would be okay. It would be tight, but she would just go to the bathroom as soon as she could. Kelsey wasn’t sure if she would be alright. She knew that her bladder could be really spontaneous. If she was just with Olivia or her Mom she wouldn’t have even bothered holding it and would have just peed standing up in the parking lot as soon as she knew she had to go. But she didn’t want to scare off Christina, she really wanted this friendship to work.

Christina likewise didn’t want to seem jumpy about her need. Though in due time it became obvious that she really underestimated how bad she needed to go. Her Gatorade must not have even gone through her until then. With 20 minutes to go and while on the highway, Christina said “I really wish there was somewhere we could pull over”.

Realizing that what she said must have sounded weird with no context, she added “I just really have to go to the bathroom. Too much Gatorade and water earlier”.

Kelsey replied “Yeah, I had too much Starbucks earlier too. Although by now I’ve learned that there’s no where to stop on my commute, it’s all concrete highway and residential areas. It makes it hard when I have to pee”.

Allthough Kelsey failed to mention that she usually has no issue with going in her pants if she can’t find a bathroom. But she was still in no mood to do that in front of Christina. She thought to herself ’If I’m going to be holding it in more often, I should really invest in pull-ups’. Kelsey hoped that her relatively untested bladder could hold out while she was with her friend. However, Christina was getting more desperate.

With 15 minutes to go, Christina was only looking worse. She was furiously crossing and uncrossing her legs, and bobbing up and down. Kelsey noticed that there was a hidden look of panic in her face. Christina sighed, “Okay, I’m dying to pee”.

Kelsey tried to make her friend feel better, “Me too. I’m totally going to do a potty dance as soon as I stand up”.

Christina laughed, but then got a scared face, and looked down at her crotch. It looked dry, but she knew she lost a drop. She was terrified of having an accident in front of Kelsey, in her car no less. But she had to go so bad.

A couple of minutes later, Kelsey asked “Are you doing okay?”.

Christina replied “I’m going to make it.”

Then she took a slow deep breath.

”I can make it”.

She took two very slow deep breaths, her whole body shaking while doing so.

”I’m not going to make it”.

There was a brief second of awkward silence, and then Kelsey heard a piercing hissing sound coming from Christina. The car was stopped at a red light, so she looked over and saw a fast growing puddle on Christina’s car seat, while her jeans were darkening. Christina was still shaking, and began to cry.

”Oh my God, you probably hate me now!” Christina cried.

Kelsey responded worryingly “No, why would I? “

Kelsey got really embarrassed at what she was going to tell her friend, but she wanted to help.

”You’re not the first one to pee in my car. I’ve done it more than once on my way home, and one time my sister did it right where you’re sitting”.

Christina looked up, and asked “really?”

Kelsey nodded, and lifted her butt off the driver seat, and pointed out some very faint, hard to see, pee stains on the cushion.

Kelsey thought about her own need. There was about 5 minute left to go until they got back. She estimated that while she would be fine for the ride, she would have to let go by the time they got to the stairs of her apartment building. Christina still looked upset, so Kelsey thought of something. Instead of holding on until the stairs, she should just pretend to lose control there in the car a few minutes early. The stigma of being the first to have an accident was gone anyway, and Kelsey felt much more comfortable letting go on purpose than waiting until she literally can’t hold it anymore.

Kelsey exclaimed “And I think I’m going to have to add to the stains.”

She sat down, and relaxed her bladder. A slow stream of pee filled her pink panties, and began to pool around her butt. The pee spread under her glistening jeans and onto the seat for Christina to see.

Kelsey just laughed, and Christina began to cheer up. Christina said in a joking manner “I can not believe we literally just peed our pants”.

Kelsey admitted “I have a small bladder, so it happens every once in a while for me” while omitting that it’s usually on purpose.

Christina replied “I used to wet myself in track, but we all did so I never really cared. It just came out while we ran, and would dry by the time we left. Nobody really noticed”.

Kelsey was really relived that they could bond over this. She reached her apartment building, and let Christina get out first. Kelsey admired the big wet patch that covered Christina’s excellent butt. When Kelsey stepped out, Christina was surprisingly fascinated at looking at the wet spot on Kelsey’s also very good butt. They walked up the stairs and into Kelsey’s apartment. Her mom Sarah was sitting inside facing away from them.

”Hi mom, I brought my friend Christina over”. Kelsey said.

In a friendly tone, but without looking up from her phone, Sarah replied “Okay, have fun.”

As they walked away from her Kelsey decided to have fun and yell “Oh yeah by the way, we peed ourselves”.

At that Sarah annoyingly turned her head, saw the wet girls, and rolled her eyes.

The girls walked into Kelsey’s room and began to take off their wet clothes. As Kelsey took off her jeans, Christina was fixated on how wet Kelsey’s panties were. Meanwhile, Christina couldn’t help but look at herself and her wet butt in the mirror, she was transfixed. Kelsey had Christina take off her jeans so they could be washed, and she certainly liked how Christina looked.

She was able to see how Christina’s light blue panties darkened. They both took off their underwear, and Kelsey took out two pairs of sweatpants, a black pair for Christina, and a grey pair for herself. Because of all the peeing she had been doing lately, Kelsey didn’t have extra underwear, so they both just only wore the sweatpants. As Christina slipped them on, she was intrigued by how being given dry clothes excited her. Kelsey took all of their wet clothes and took it to the washing machine, while Christina stayed in the bedroom. She was very pleased about how cool Kelsey was about the accident, and really wanted to become even better friends with her.

*022*2019-01-28 14:32

Chapter 6

It had been snowing a lot the previous few days. As it was the first snow storm of the winter, everything was covered with a clean, nice white coat. This gave Sarah an inspiration for an idea; she should take everybody sledding! She’d of course bring Kelsey and Olivia, but she also wanted Kathy to come. Sarah told the kids that if they wanted to bring someone they could, so Kelsey decided to invite Christina and Olivia would invite Emily.

###

Christina was well on her way for making preparations for the day trip. She chose to wear white panties and black sweatpants, which she would eventually wear under her black snow pants. While getting dressed, she took some gulps from her water bottle. She couldn’t stop thinking about the accident she recently had in Kelsey’s car. More specifically, she was focused on the aftermath. She kept replaying in her head how the wet patch was visible on her as she walked, the way Kelsey’s mom reacted when she found, and the feeling that came when Kelsey gave her dry clothes to change into. It was certain, she wanted more of that. Christina was determined to have another accident during this sledding trip.

Even though Christina wanted to have more accidents, she wasn’t ready to do so in front of her own family yet. But she did want to at least give them the implication after she got back that she had an accident. To do so was simple. While Christina was home, she asked her mom what she thought about her pants, and demanded elaboration. Afterwards, she packed an extra pair of black leggings that she would change into. Hopefully, her mom would notice and ask what happened to the sweat pants they were looking at.

###

Emily knocked on the door of the girls’ apartment. She sipped on her hot chocolate as she waited for Olivia to answer the door. For the trip, she chose to wear pink snow pants, and black leggings underneath. Olivia opened the door, smiled and said hi. Emily caught Olivia in the middle of putting on white snow pants over her tight light blue jeans. They walked over to the living room couch and sat down so they could chat. Olivia explained that Kelsey and Sarah were each bringing a friend as well. Christina had arrived earlier and was with Kelsey in her room, and Sarah went out with Kathy earlier to get coffee, and everybody would leave together when they got back.

The two heard the front door open, and Sarah along with Kathy walked in. Kathy wore grey sweatpants and Sarah was wearing tight dark blue jeans. Sarah introduced Kathy to Emily, and the two hit it off on the topic of how pretty each other was. Afterwards, Sarah called Kelsey and Christina over. Kelsey wore grey leggings and carried black snow pants in her arm. Sarah repeated the introduction process, this time between Kathy and Christina, with Kathy gushing over how pretty Christina is. As they talked, Christina drank more out of one of her water bottles.

Wanting to get a move on, Sarah asked everyone to get ready to go. She slipped on a pair of black snow pants while Kathy put on Grey Snow Pants. Sarah asked everyone to bring extra bottles of water to stay hydrated as they sled. Everybody took 2 bottles, except for Christina who took 3. To accommodate everyone going in the same vehicle, Sarah had everyone get in her minivan. Any miscellaneous items got tossed in the trunk, including Christina’s backpack which contained a second set of everything for her to change into later. Sarah was the driver with Kathy in her passenger seat, Kelsey and Christina in the middle row, and Olivia and Emily in the row behind them.

It was not long into the drive before Christina started squirming. She kept drinking her water, she wanted to hold on until she lost control. Kathy noticed this as she was talking to all the girls.

”Are you okay, hun?”

”Oh, I’m fine. Just a little cold” Christina answered.

”Ah okay. I only ask because that’s what I do when I really have to pee” Kathy replied.

Christina blushed and looked away. While she intended to have her accident, it was still embarrassing to go through all these small interactions. Not to mention, while she wanted to wet herself in front of Kelsey and her mom, she didn’t plan on having to do it in front of the others she just met. However, she figured that there would always be a reason why it wouldn’t be easy, so it’d be best to just continue on with the plan.

”Speaking of which” Kathy continued, “I drank all that coffee earlier. I’m going to have to go when we get there. Either sooner or later”. Kathy laughed and took a sip of her water bottle.

Remembering the coffee that she drank, Sarah agreed. She felt pretty good so far, but didn’t want to end up in an emergency if she didn’t have to. Nevertheless, she took another sip of her water.

They pulled up into the park that they would sled in. Everything was covered in snow except for the small parking lot. Everybody filed out of the car and began to grab some of what they needed out of trunk. The main hill they would be using wasn’t far so they could go back to the car if they needed to. As Christina stood up out of the car, she felt the full effect of gravity on her bladder. It was so strong that she felt a warm stream dampen her panties, but she stopped the flow.

Kathy seemed to be having a similar experience. “Oh god, I have to peeeee haha” she laughed.

They made towards the hill they would be using. While going up the incline, Christina had to hold her crotch to hold her pee. Meanwhile, every so often Kathy would cross her legs. At the top, there were some trees that they decided would be their main base, and put their stuff down at. All the girls had made the same mental note; that they had not passed any type of bathroom, nor could they see one from the top of the hill.

Olivia and Emily immediately began sledding down one side. Sarah and Kelsey began making preparations to sled down a little father apart. While they were doing that, Christina went to the other side of the hill where the trees would obstruct the sight of her so she could do a pee dance. She repeatedly bent coward and crossed her legs. However, she was interrupted by Kathy who joined her. Kathy was wiggling very intensely.

”I don’t think there are any bathrooms in this entire park.” Kathy remarked.

She began undoing her snow pants and took them off. They, she crouched down and slightly pulled down her sweat pants, revealing her black panties to Christina. Finally she pulled down her underwear, not caring that Christina was seeing her butt, and sighed. A clear, strong torrent of pee came out of her. Christina got very light headed at the sight, causing her to lose a few drops before she regained control, and added squatting to pee to her list of things to do at some point. After some time, the pee stream died down and began to cling to Kathy as it ended.

”Ah, that’s better” Kathy said as she wiggled to get the pee drops off of her.

”Sorry to have to do that in front of you, but if I waited a little more I wouldn’t have dry pants any longer!”

Kathy noticed Christina shaking even more than before as she put her clothes back on. “Are you sure you don’t have to go, hun?”

“I have to go a little bit, though it is starting to get bad, but don’t worry, I can hold it!” Christina assured her.

They walked back to join the others. Olivia and Emily had already almost made it back up to the top. Kelsey gestured for Christina to get in the back of their two person sled. They kicked themselves off and flew down the hill. The sled kept bobbing the entire way down; the motion was killer on Christina’s bladder and she was spurting more pee. She felt her entire underwear get warm and wet by the time they reached the bottom and she was able to get ahold of herself. As they got out of the sled, she felt a long smooth stream escape and run down her leg. Once again, she stopped it, and began to make her way back up the hill with Kelsey. Christina had a hard time going back up, she couldn’t go as fast as Kelsey and had to stop every so often to hold on.

After the pair pair got back to the others at the top, everybody took a minute to talk about how much fun they were going to have. However, for Christina, time seemed to slow down. She could feel her heartbeat, and the heavy pressure of standing up straight. This was followed by a feeling on numbness in her crotch, however she could vaguely feel herself becoming damp. All of a sudden, everybody stopped as they heard the sound of pee splattering against the inside of Christina’s snow pants. As feeling came back to her, she could feel her panties overflowing and her sweatpants becoming drenched. Upon seeing everyone looking at her, her cheeks turned red from embarrassment.

Sarah wasn’t quite sure what to do. While she was well aware that her own kids were accident prone, she figured that Olivia would probably stay dry during the trip, and if Kelsey peed she probably wouldn’t mind staying in her clothes. There was no backup plan to deal with anybody else’s wet clothes.

Kathy walked towards Christina and gave her a hug, assuring her “I’m sorry, sweety. I didn’t know you had to go that bad, if I did we could have figured something out. Is there anything we can do to help you?”

Christina smiled during the hug. This was exactly what she was hoping for. She answered “I brought some extra clothes in the car in case I wanted to wear something different or these got muddy. I even have other snow pants! I can just change and then we can go back to sledding.”

”(Well that takes care of that)” Sarah thought. Sarah than addressed Christina, “Come with me to the car, honey, and I’ll unlock it so you can change”.

Kathy came with them to the car so she could help with the cleanup along with provide privacy for Christina to change clothes, or anything else they needed. Sarah noticed that there was no stain on the outside of the black snow pants, and asked if the inside was wet. Upon Christina’s nod, Sarah undid the straps and slid her snow pants down, and gasped when she saw Christina’s sweatpants. The entire front was visibly wet, and after asking her to turn around, even the back was completely soaked. She had Christina take her pants off, and asked them to give them to her. Christina took them off, revealing her panties. Sarah and Kathy could see that they had completely soaked through and its whiteness had a small tint of yellow now. However, Christina wasn’t so quick to put her wet pants into someone’s hands.

Seeing Christina’s hesitation, Sarah said “If I had a problem dealing with pee pee clothes, both my girls would be in big trouble”.

Christina obeyed and turned them in, along with the snow pants and Sarah placed them on a towel on a The floor in the trunk. After that, Sarah instructed her to take of her panties and hand them over. Christina tried looking over to the other girls still at the hill, but couldn’t see them. Her bare and wet legs were freezing, so she obliged. Sarah took them and put it with the wet pants on top of the towel. After that Christina took a towel out of her bag, and dried her legs. When she was done, she reached into her bag and took out a pair of red panties, the presence of which confused Sarah, why bring extra underwear if you’re concerned about mud? But she didn’t dwell on it, and watched as Christina put them on. Then, she took out her black leggings and slipped them on. Finally, she brought out a fresh pair of purple snow pants and put them on.

”Alright, you’re in dry clothes now, let’s go back” Sarah told her.

###

Christina went off, but Sarah and Kathy stayed behind to organize the car a it and lock it up. Kathy took another water from the car, and after closing the trunk, Sarah took a sip of her own. She noticed the growing need to pee in her own bladder.

”I can’t really blame her” Sarah told Kathy. “I haven’t seen any bathrooms here. Have you?”

Kathy shook her head. “No. Though I did have to pee earlier. I ended up just squatting behind a tree”. She opened her water and started gulping it. “And I’ll probably need to do it again before we leave”.

###

Olivia and Emily watched from a distance as they saw Christina making her way back towards them, with distinctly different pants on. Emily kept fidgeting around. She had started needing to pee earlier on, but had ignored it. But after seeing Christina wet her pants, her need was exacerbated.

“Unless there’s a bathroom I didn’t know about around here, I’m going to end up like her” Emily confided to Olivia.

“I know, me too” Olivia responded. Her need was starting to get pretty bad as well.

Kelsey came on over and pointed out that another group arrived off in the distance. Fortunately, they would most likely utilize a different hill to sled on. Emily asked Kelsey if she saw any bathrooms, to which she shook her head no. In response, Emily crossed her legs and sighed.

Christina rejoined the group, with embarrassed red cheeks expecting teasing. However, everybody was focused on Emily. Her face was strained, and she was beginning to do a pee dance.

“If you have to go pretty bad, Kathy actually squatted earlier” Christina informed Emily.

Emily shook her head. “I don’t want those people that showed up to look over and see my butt.”

”Well if you don’t go soon, you’re going to end up peeing yourself” Olivia told her friend.

”Better that than giving some people a show”. Emily looked over to the other group. “It doesn’t look like they’ll be leaving any time soon. I think I’m going to end up going in my pants. At least you won’t be the only one, right, Christina?”

By now Emily’s legs had started trembling. She felt so cold. It had begun to hurt to hold it. And she noticed that Sarah and Kathy were still talking at the car a distance away. This gave her a thought.

”Christina, when you peed it didn’t really show up on your snow pants, right?” Emily asked.

“No, not on the outside” Christina answered.

“I have to go so bad, and I’m not going to make it anyway. And I really don’t want to wet myself in front of your mom. Do you think I should just go in my pants now before she gets back?” Emily asked Olivia.

“Why not?” Kelsey interjected

”Well, if you’re going to do it anyway, it’s probably best to do it before my Mom gets back. And she probably won’t notice afterwards as long as it doesn’t show on your pants. Just don’t take them off while we’re here and say you have to leave right after we get back, so she won’t see underneath” Olivia commented. However she saw Sarah and Kathy start to leave the car. “Quickly! Do it before she sees you!”

At that Emily croutched down with her butt just above the snow, pretending to just be relaxing. She looked around, the other group wasn’t paying them attention. Then she looked towards Sarah and Kathy, they were still somewhat far away. Feeling at ease, Emily forcefully peed into her snow pants. She could feel her purple panties and black leggings becoming more saturated, but the pee wasn’t absorbing into the snow pants. Instead it was pooling inside of it. Not knowing what do do, Emily peed even harder to finish faster. Everybody could hear Emily’s pee hitting her clothes. After she was done, Emily looked up at everyone.

”It’s literally like a puddle around my butt, I don’t know what to do. My snow pants is the world’s worst diaper.” Emily revealed. Everybody laughed.

”Stand up and let it flow down the pant legs into the ground” Olivia told her.

Complying, Emily stood up, and felt her torent of pee fall away from her and go down her legs. She opened up the pants at her ankles a little bit to help the pee escape. Soon it had all drained down and fell to the snow. When she was done, she kicked some fresh snow over the now yellow snow she created.

”Well, at least I feel better now.” Emily told everyone.

She looked down at her legs. There was no wetness visible on the outside of her clothes. To anybody who might look, they appeared to still be it’s normal pink. As Sarah and Kathy gradually approached, everybody went back to acting natural.

The sledding resumed with Kelsey and Christina going down the hill first. Olivia and Emily quickly followed behind. The bumpy way down proved torturous to Olivia’s increasingly full bladder. Shortly after, Sarah and Kathy made their way down. Everybody repeated this order for a while and had fun.

Over time, Olivia lost her focus on the joys of sledding. Each trip down the hill felt bumpier than the last. She wanted to just squat like she heard Kathy did, but the other group was still there. However, she alternatively couldn’t just repeat was Emily did. Her mom and Kathy were too close now, and the only time she peed herself on purpose to avoid the pain of holding it like Kelsey usually does her mom almost killed her.

However, it became increasingly unlikely that it wouldn’t be up to her. After one more time of sledding down the hill, she could feel the inevitable was near. She walked back to the top as fast as she could with Emily and waited for her mom and Kathy to go down. Olivia crossed her legs and bent over as soon as the two left.

Despite clenching as hard as she could, she could feel a series of drops dampen her panties. And it wouldn’t stop, the drops turned into a trickle that spread throughout her panties. The trickle turned into a stream that leaked through her now darkening jeans, concealed by her snow pants.

”I’m peeing” was all that Olivia could squeal.

She could feel her entire behind becoming wet. Worried about what her mom would say, she looked carefully at her snow pants. Just like the others, nothing showed up on the outside. She let any pee escape through her pant legs, and kicked snow over any yellow evidence. Seeing Sarah and Kathy start to walk back, and not wanting to appear suspicious, Olivia asked Kelsey to confirm that the back of her snow pants still looked fine. Upon her approval, Olivia relaxed and acted normal when Sarah and Kathy rejoined them. What she couldn’t hide, however, was her embarrassed looking face. Kelsey may steal the spotlight by peeing herself on purpose all the time, but Olivia was still a 19 year old girl who fairly often still peed in her pants by accident.

###

The sledding continued as normal for a little bit. Sarah’s water bottles were depleted, and she was starting to get antsy. In low stress moments, she passed the time wiggling her hips trying to sooth her filling bladder. However, her attention was mostly on Kathy. She had also finished her last water bottle, and had been very squirmy lately.

”Ugh, I got to pee again!” Kathy exclaimed to Sarah, which the other girls also overheard. Kathy looked over to the other group of sledders who were still there.

“I honestly don’t mind squatting in front of them” Kathy told Sarah.

”Please don’t” Sarah asked Kathy. She never liked things that aren’t modest. “I think they’re leaving soon anyway”.

Kathy looked at them again, and agreed that it looked like they were getting ready to go. “OK. I’ll just have to hold it in the meantime.” As she said this she crossed her legs and bent over. “But I’m not going to stop sledding and just sit around and wait for them to leave”.

”Are you sure you can handle going down, or will it be too much?” Sarah asked.

”I’ll have to handle it. Or else we’ll have a problem” Kathy answered.

She hopped up and down a little bit to help her hold it in. Sarah wanted a small break, so she insisted that Kathy go alone for her next ride down the hill. Kathy announced her need to pee the whole time she prepared her sled. Sarah had a sneaking suspicion that this wouldn’t end well.

Kathy kicked herself down the hill. She aquired a fast speed very quickly. Unluckily for her, she kept ping ponging in between sharp bumps. After a while, it became too much to handle, and she slipped off the sled. Her body rolled down the hill for a bit before stopping, and standing up. She walked a bit to retrieve the sled, then walked back up the hill.

As she got closer to everybody else, they could notice that her face was smiling, but red. Once she rejoined them, she announced the single phrase “I peed”.

She began to undo the suspenders on her snow pants. “I just don’t know how much I peed” Kathy clarified. She unfastened the suspenders and dropped the snow pants to the ground. She spread her hand over the crotch of her sweatpants but didn’t see anything.

“Girls” Kathy addressed to them, “how’s my butt” she inquired as she turned around. “Besides big” she added and laughed. They could all see a softball sized wet spot on Kathy’s butt. Kelsey pulled out her phone to take a picture of it. Right after, she showed it to Kathy.

”Your butt is big AND wet” Kelsey commented as she showed Kathy the picture.

Kathy focused on the picture for a second, and then gasped while covering her mouth. Then she started laughing. “I told you I had to pee!” She laughed. “I could have squatted!” she continued. By now she was doubling over with how hard she was laughing.

“And here I thought I might have only gotten my underwear wet, when I’m really walking around with a water balloon on my ass, hahahaha!” Kathy painfully said between laughs.

Kathy continued laughing for over 30 seconds. Suddenly, everyone noticed something. The softball sized wet spot was growing. Soon it reached the size of a watermelon, and began to go down her legs. Sarah noticed that Kathy’s crotch was now darkening as well. Soon most of her sweatpants turned from Grey to a shade of black.

After a little longer, Kathy’s laughing began to die down. She could tell she was wet just by glancing down at her front. Everybody was just looking at her and waiting. She stretched open her pants a and checked on her underwear, which were long soaked by now. Finally she gave a shrug.

”Accidents happen” she claimed. “Though I should have know that by hanging out with all you lovely ladies I would have ended up laughing so hard I pissed myself.” She pulled up her pants a bit. “At lease now you know you’re not the only one, hun” she told Christina. Olivia and Emily gave each other a nervous glance at that comment.

Kathy took her snow pants off completely as they got caught in the puddle around her. Sarah crossed her legs waiting for Kathy to clean herself up a bit. She felt bad, her friend might have not peed in her pants if she didn’t discourage her from peeing in the open. Sarah walked up to Kathy.

”I’m so sorry” she said to her friend. “I promise I would have preferred you peeing openly over you losing control”.

Kathy smiled at her. “Don’t worry about it, dear. It was my stupid idea to go down that hill with my full bladder. And at least now my legs are warm!”

Sarah noticed that it was soon going to be dark.”OK everybody we should probably start to get ready to go. It’s getting late and if anybody else who’s managed to stay dry like me you’re probably dying to go to the bathroom.”

Kelsey replied with a long sigh and relaxed her eyes. “Well, I just was...” she continued.

Kelsey could feel all the pressure on her bladder relaxing. Her red panties slowly dampened with a warm saturation. After sighing again her leggings began to absorb the rest of her pee, with all of it draining down her snow pants. Everyone else could hear a hissing sound emerge from her crotch. She looked down to notice the pee exiting her snow pants at her boots and creating a puddle around her, which everyone stepped away from.

”Ah...that’s better” Kelsey claimed. She smiled. Everyone was looking at her strangely, she certainly didn’t seem to fight the urge.

”There was no point in holding it if others wet themselves already” she explained. Of course, Sarah and Kathy didn’t know she was including Olivia and Emily in that, not just Christina and Kathy.

”O...K... I guess that settles it. Let’s just go” Sarah instructed. This wasn’t going to be a debate she was going to have with Kelsey right now. And she just wanted to leave so she could sit herself down on a toilet.

They packed up their things and went back to the car. Sarah used a free hand to hold her crotch on the way. When they arrived at the car Sarah noticed everyone’s snow pants had got all muddy. She didn’t want any mud stains in her car.

”Everybody take off your snow pants and put them in the trunk. I don’t want them making a mess” she told everyone. Christina obliged without question. Kelsey quickly followed, and Sarah used the opportunity to investigate her. Her behind was completely soaked. Sarah gave her a towel to sit on in the car. Olivia and Emily stood still as a statue though. Sarah had no idea that they had peed themselves earlier. They didn’t think she would find out either.

Waiting, Sarah asked “Well? Sometime today?”

Emily went first. She undid her straps and dropped her snow pants. Sarah’s eyes widened and she gasped. It was hard to see on the leggings, but the inside of her snow pants were soaking wet and had yellowed similar to how a diaper looks.

”When did this happen? Were you actually sledding like this?” Emily’s cheeks went red out of embarrassment, but then Sarah turned to Olivia.

“Take those off” Sarah told Olivia.

Olivia stood still. Not wanting to wait, Sarah walked over towards her and undid the suspenders for her. At the drop of her snow pants, Sarah gasped again. Olivia’s light jeans had clearly darkened and began to dry.

“You wet your pants!” She then lowered Olivia’s jeans to reveal her polka dot panties all wet and stained yellow.

Olivia pulled her jeans back up. “It was an accident mom!”

“Was not telling me and playing in the snow afterwards also an accident? I understand that it can be hard for some of us to hold it, but you need to be adults about it if you have an accident.” Sarah told her. “This is just like when you wet your bed last week and you didn’t tell me and just let it dry for a couple days. If you were just honest, I wouldn’t have put that plastic liner on your bed afterwards!”

“Mom!” Olivia was mortified. Not even Emily knew about that, it was a secret.

After a twinge in her own bladder reminded her of her increasing need, Sarah cut the lecture short and gave Olivia and Emily towels to sit on. She then noticed that Christina was squirming again like she did earlier.

“Do you think you can make it home sweety?” Sarah asked

“Nope” Christina answered confidently. “So I’ll just go here”.

Before Sarah could stop her Christina dropped her pants and underwear and squatted down. Slightly embarrassed that all the other girls could see everything, she let it flow anyway. She sighed at the sweet release. It didn’t last long and soon died down. However, as it slowed down, the remaining stream emptied right on to her pants! Never having done this before, Christina jerked around trying to aim elsewhere, but that just caused it to spread all over her pants. As she finished, she shook her butt to get rid of any sticking drops.

She pulled her leggings up, and it looked as if she had wet herself. This wasn’t as Christina planned, she didn’t want her parents to see her in wet clothes yet. But she had such an adrenaline rush that she didn’t particularly care.

Kathy laughed. “That’s okay sweetheart. We all have to learn. It took me all of college to learn how to squat without literally peeing in my pants. And even now if I’ve had any drinks I sometimes screw up!”

Sarah face palmed (“Note to self: Bring a package of pull ups next time we all go out” she thought). Really wanting to get going so at least one person would return home in dry pants, she gave Christina and Kathy more towels to sit on and got everyone in the car. She took off her own snow pants, revealing to everyone that her jeans were still fresh, and put them in the trunk. Before getting in the drivers seat, Sarah noticed one last towel in trunk. After a second of debating and a powerful argument from her bladder, she took it out and layed it across the drivers seat.

“It’s only as a ‘just in case’” she informed everyone.

This shocked Kelsey and Olivia. They had never heard her mom openly plan for the possibility for an accident. Neither of them even found out that she actually had one at work a few months ago. She must have to go bad they concluded.

Sarah sat down and wasted no time starting the car to get out of the park. Kathy watched her wiggle constantly. Every few seconds she was crossing and recrossing her legs. After stopping at a few traffic lights, Sarah put her head down at the steering wheel. Her bladder was bulging and putting enormous pressure on her crotch.

“I haven’t been to the bathroom all day. I have to pee so baaaad” Sarah moaned.

”If it comes down to it, it’s okay if you don’t make it. You’re trying your best to get to the bathroom in time” Kathy told Sarah in attempt to soothe her.

”Honestly, Mom, if you just went in your pants nobody would care” Kelsey commented.

Sarah didn’t respond. That last comment gave her a desperate wave. But she couldn’t give up. Even her underwear was still dry, and she intended to keep it that way.

Sarah took off at the green light and bounced in her seat. It had begun to become painful to hold it in. All of a sudden Kelsey’s offer didn’t sound so unreasonable. But she held on.

She drove as fast as she could to get home. Making record time, Sarah pulled into her apartment buildings parking garage. She went extremely slow over a speed bump and still almost lost it, and felt even more at pain. There was one goal in sight; her parking spot.

“Just leave everything here. We’ll come back for it. I just want to pee” Sarah told everyone. Everybody else got out. But Sarah was having a hard time. Painstakingly, she opened her door, and held her crotch as she stepped outside. Immediately, she crossed her legs and bent over. She did that for a couple of steps until her desperation slightly subsided and allowed her to walk normally.

”We’re going to take the elevator they just put in. I know it’s slow but if I have to walk upstairs I’m going to pee in my pants” Sarah told everyone.

They made their way to the elavator and pressed its button. Sarah continued to do the potty dance in front of everyone. After what felt like forever, the door finally opened. They all got in and Kelsey pressed the button for their floor.

Sarah felt very lightheaded. The potty dance wasn’t doing enough anymore and she needed to block her crotch. However, her legs and even her hand were shaking. The elevator felt like it was going up for an eternity. She felt full to her eyes. Another desperation wave came. It was too much.

Feeling the dam about to burst Sarah bent over one more time. Feeling too weak to do anything, she couldn’t fight the wetness entering her panties. She was peeing, and allowed it to spread quickly throughout her underwear. She crouched down and caused the pee to exit her underwear at her butt. Everybody looked down at her, but she didn’t care. She moaned as a wetspot appeared at the butt of her jeans and spread to the size of a watermelon. A puddle formed below her. She bounced up and down a little, spraying the pee all over the floor. The relief allowed her some of her strength back, and she stopped the flow before she lost everything, even though she already peed a substantial amount.

Sarah stood back up and shrugged at everyone. “I didn’t make it” she cooly said.

Olivia couldn’t believe it, she never had thought her mom was capable of wetting herself. Kelsey couldn’t believe that she did it on her own while awake. Kathy just chuckled at her friends dilemma.

The elavator opened and they all stepped out. They walked over to their apartment door, and Sarah dug for her keys in her purse.

“C’mon, I still gotta go” Sarah sad out loud. “You know what, screw it”.

Suddenly everybody heard a hissing sound emerging from Sarah. The wet patch on Sarah’s butt expanded down her legs. She turned around while still looking for her keys and allowed everyone to see a wet spot form on the front of jeans and spread below her knees. Kelsey covered her mouth with her hand out of shock, her mom was basically peeing herself on purpose. As a puddle formed below Sarah’s feet, she stepped away from their door so it wouldn’t seep into the apartment. As the hissing softened she gave a sigh. After it appeared that she was done, she gave one last burst stream that saturated her crotch.

”Much better. I don’t have to go at all anymore” Sarah told everyone.

Kelsey looked at everyone and realized every single one of them was in wet pants. Quickly, she took out her phone and took a group selfie to commentate the occasion.

Sarah found the key and unlocked the door. She led everyone in and stopped in the middle of the living room. Sarah looked at herself in the mirror, and undid her belt. Then she slid down her jeans. She revealed her wet white panties to everyone. Everybody looked at her in her underwear, her panties didn’t change color as her pee must have been clear. Finally, she even took off her underwear and let everyone see her bare butt. By now everyone was laughing but Sarah just walked away.

A couple minutes later Sarah returned still walking with no pants of underwear with two things in her hands. The first was a pair of black sweat pants. In her other hand she held a goodnite.

”I have a confession” Sarah announced. “This is actually the fourth time I’ve peed myself in the past year. I tried to hide all of my other accidents because I was embarrassed. It was pretty childish how I did it, like letting my dress hide my soaked panties. This time I had no choice, but I’ve been harsh to everyone here who couldn’t make it to the bathroom. But that’s not fair when I’m not really any better myself”.

Sarah picked up a glass of water and sipped it. “So...” she continued. “It’s only fair that I should have to wear this. These are left over from when you girls had trouble staying dry at night a couple of years ago. I’m pretty tired, and I’m pretty thirsty. I’m going to drink this, and then I’m going to go to bed. If I have an accident, then I have an accident”.

Sarah the slid on the pink goodnite. Then, she pulled her sweatpants on over it. She noticed that the training diaper was pretty comfortable and felt secure. Nobody could believe what they were seeing. Kathy just laughed. Christina was getting light headed at the sight of this. Olivia was at a complete loss for words.

”Just make sure you all get what you need out of the trunk. Anybody who wants to sleepover is welcome to do so. But I’m going to bed now. Goodnight!” Sarah told everyone.
