Mei's desperation story

Author: MarginMaxis

*000*2017-03-16 02:27

So in a recent poll I asked what people wanted me to write about...overwatch won...so here it is.

Location:watch point Gibraltar

Objective: defend against the enemy team

The siren wailed as the team got into position for battle. It was talon "again" and they wanted to finish the job they started. The team got in position and waited for the assault.

Tracer: honestly I thought talon was done after reaper tried to take you out Winston

Winston: same here but it appears that they were not finished

Tracer: don t cha mean "ape"ears

Tracer gives a nudge to Winston as he sighs

Sldier 76: will you grow up and get ready!

Tracer: alright...better do what grandpa says.

Mei: I believe we can do it,just everyone focus.

The door swings open as widow maker swings out with reaper right behind...followed by numerous talon soldiers. Winston leaps into action knocking about 5 talon soldiers into the water. Tracer then dashes behind widow maker and slaps a pulse bomb on her back.

Tracer:there you go love!

Tracer dashes away, widow maker grabs the pulse bomb from her back and throws it at mei, she ice walls.

Mei: try a bit harder...

Widow maker aims and fires...the bullet misses mei by a hair

Mei: ...o-okay...to close

Soldier 76: get up and run!

Tracer pushes a talon soldier off the cliff.

Tracer: y,know...for a talon...you don't have a good grip...

Just then reaper pushes tracer off the cliff

Reaper: who has the bad grip now...

Tracer recalls then pushes reaper off the cliff

Tracer: you do...ha ha!

Widowmaker fires off rounds at Winston, soldier 76,and mei.

Widowmaker: no one can hide from my sight...

Soldier 76:I've got YOU in mine...

The both hit eachother...widow falls and is carried back to the ship,soldier falls as well but is more hurt...

Mei: oh no...hang in there please...

Tears form in mei's eyes

Soldier 76: kid...it's okay...heroes die at some point...

Just then mercy shows up (with perfect timing)

Mercy: not on my watch they don't...

She begins healing his wounds...

Soldier 76: thanks Angela

Mercy: not a problem jack.

They smile at eachother,Mc,Cree, hanzo,genji,Ana,d.va, and a select few of others show up

Mc,Cree:well then, looks like the party's over.

Soldier 76: nah...its just getting started...DRINKS ARE ON ME!!!

D.va:awwwww no fair...I'm not old enough...

Ana:you really shouldn't drink...it's bad for your health...

Soldier 76: but sure as hell eases the pain...and don't worry Hana...we'll go to numbani,it's legal there...right?

Mc,Cree: who cares we could sneak her one out either way...

They all cheer...and get in two dropships to set out for numbani.

Part 2 coming soon...

*002*2017-03-27 02:06

Sorry about the long delay...lost my entire writing and I got pissed...threw some stuff and fell asleep...but now I'm ready to finally write this thing (again)

The dropship touches down in numbani near the place and they all get out exept for mei and Ana...

Ana: I don't drink so I'll stay here

Mei: yea same...I am a bit parched though

Ana: well why not have some of the tea I brought

Mei: oh that sounds great

Ana sets up the tea as the others enter the bar

A while later

Ana:...and that's the story of how I rescued the first overwatch recruits

Mei: wow that's a great story...I wish I had something awesome like that

Ana: well surely you do...what's the most interesting thing that ever happened to you

Mei: well at echopoint Antarctica I was the only one who survived a snow storm by cryogenically freezing myself for a few years

Ana:what do you mean "only one"?

Mei: well I was the only one because the other pods failed...they froze to death and only I lived

Ana stares at mei in a shock and disbelief

Ana:you poor soul

Just then the dropship door opens as the others enter...tracer was being dragged

Tracer:y...y...you know what they call a gorilla that does tricks..."ape" stounding

Just then Winston punches her in the gut

Soldier 76: okay everyone were going home...get ready

They all sat down and prepared to go home and as me I sat down she realized just how much she had drank

Mei: (I think I should go to the bathroom as soon as I get home)

