Embarrassed Emit

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-12-01 01:31

Embarrassed Emit

Emit sat at his desk checking recent sales on his computer whilst drinking his second mug of coffee that morning, a huge showroom of new cars in front of him waiting to be sold. He was under target, again. Next month should help with the release of the new number plates but his mortgage, loan repayments and credit card bills needed paid this month not next. Two few customers and too many sales agents meant it was a fight to get to customers and keep them if they ever did walk through the doors.

Emit sighed, walking around the stunning vehicles with his empty mug in hand to drop into the kitchen. What else was there to do anyway? The service area was busy, it always was, same with the garage but the sales floor was as dead as a crematory and it was looking like another long day.

He casually rinsed his mug and left it in the draining board before heading back to his open desk to shuffle some more papers. As he left the kitchen he thought he could hear footsteps. “Must be a colleague” he thought but he checked anyway.

Much to his surprise It was a middle aged woman looking lost.

“I expect she’s looking for the service area or something,” he reasoned but went over to her anyway.

After an initial introduction Emit was delighted to hear she was actually looking to potentially buy. He checked around to make sure none of his colleagues were waiting to pounce before talking with her more. She seemed genuinely wanting to buy though she had little clue what, and certainly zero idea about the impending registration change next month. Within minutes Emit had established she was married with young children who she had just dropped off at nursery before coming in. She drove a very old car that was causing her issues and wanted an upgrade.

Emit gently guided her to the practical family cars with four doors, fuel efficiency, large boots and practical storage. It wasn’t his idea of a great motor but it’s what he knew the customer wanted. He tried to act casual and laid back but feared leaving her because he knew only too well that in a cut throat business like car sales it was every person for themselves and if anyone made the sale they wouldn’t care who did the ground work first. Emit needed this sale and he vowed to himself to do whatever it took.

Half an hour later she was still happily sitting in cars, asking questions and adjusting seats. Emit could feel his bladder filling but leaving the customer wasn’t an option so he continued showing and explaining whatever was asked. He even helped her fetch her stroller from the boot of her current car to try in new ones, taking the opportunity to note the details of her car and mileages whilst there. Mrs Clapton wasn’t withholding anything, even volunteering how she didn’t expect her car to pass its next MOT, something which Emit, of course, planned to use to lower the trade in he would offer.

With putting the stroller in boots, checking every little storage compartment and generally being quite indecisive Emit was beginning to wonder if she was a genuine buyer after all. He was also sort of hoping if she wasn’t that she might leave soon as he was needing the loo but couldn’t risk going if she was going to buy.

Time ticked on and Emit remained professional in his suit and company tie despite getting more and more uncomfortable. He asked a little about the children’s nursery hoping this might speed things alone but when Mrs Clapton said the children were in all day he just smiled and told her to take her time. At least she was finally asking about monthly payments and colour choices.

Some time later she seemed more settled and kept returning to one vehicle. Emit concentrated his efforts on all the facts of the one vehicle though he moved more than before as his bladder pressed for release soon. Finally she text her husband and was delighted when he replied to go ahead. Emit tried to stay calm though his insides were jumping with excitement. He asked if she had identity proof with her, bank statements and means to pay a deposit. Mrs Clapton smiled and nodded and Emit lead her to his desk, glad to be able to sit down as he wanted the loo more and more.

Sitting down didn’t help as much as Emit had hoped. He leaned forward in his wheeled office chair and turned on his computer again. It loaded with his previous sales so he minimised that and set up a new customer. Firstly he needed a trade price for her current car. He couldn’t lose the sale but even the customer seemed to have low expectations in this area. Frustratingly Emit’s computer was going slow and it took almost five minutes before he had a price for the customer. Waiting just made him realise how uncomfortable he now was as he bounced a leg to distract from his need. Thankfully the customer didn’t seem concerned and readily accepted the low proposal for her vehicle.

Next was colour options, extras like alloy wheels, sat nav and so on. While Mrs Clapton looked through her options Emit slid his chair under the table and rubbed his leg. He’d been selling cars for six and a half years and couldn’t recall having to pee this bad in front of a customer ever before. His desire to piss was increasingly alarmingly now but he was equally determined to get the sale through first. Martin, a colleague was now at the desk beside him and if he left to use the bathroom he could all too easily lose his commission. He couldn’t afford that. He wouldn’t give Martin the satisfaction either.

Mrs Clapton made her choices and Emit typed them in with his leg tapping faster and faster. He told MrsClapton the price and she nodded. He deducted the trade in, gave her a ‘special deal’ (which the manufacturer was offering anyway but she didn’t need to know that) then worked out the deposit and payments. As he did this Emit had a strong urge to pee and subtly moved his hand from his leg to his crotch having to rub his thump over the tip of his penis to remind it to hold on. His face reddened with embarrassment.

He really needed to speed things up so he could urinate. Things were escalating quickly, though when he glanced at his watch he wasn’t surprised considering he’d now been with this same customer almost two hours. The wait would be worth it if the sale proceeded though.

Now it was time to arrange finance and Emit suddenly realised he had an excuse to get to a toilet as he needed to photocopy the documents. Since he really wasn’t t sure he could hold too much longer he asked for the paperwork straight away and explained he’d be right back. Oh how he longed to piss now. He could hardly sit still. He checked all the papers, typed in the details and while he waited for an online answer from the finance company he pressed his hand tight against his penis before taking it away, swinging his chair out and standing up.

‘You heading to the office Emit?’

‘Yeah. Just need to photocopy these Martin to finalise this sale.’

Even in need Emit couldn’t help boasting he had a sale. Martin got the upper hand though when he quickly walked over and took the papers with a wry smile.

‘There’s no NEED for you to GO Emit. I can see you have a FULL...you know. Let me RELEASE you from this my friend. Just HOLD on and I’ll be right back. I was just heading to the TOILET anyway. This way you just need to WAIT for the confirmation’

Martin had very clearly noticed his colleagues fidgeting and squirming and couldn’t help winding him up. Emit was so embarrassed and frustrated. He hadn’t even been able to stand still while Martin had taken the papers from him and now he had to sit back down dying to piss but not free to do so.

‘That was lovely of him,’ Mrs Clapton said smiling.

Did she realise Emit was bursting too? His face burned red with embarrassed as he pulled his chair under the table and bounced both legs.

‘Would it be possible to have some water while I wait Emit? It’s awful warm in here don’t you think? You look very red and warm yourself actually.’

There was no way Emit was telling a customer why he was red faced and hot. He stood up and walked past Martin’s desk to the water filter squirming as he filled a cup for his customer. He rushed back to his desk as he handed the cup to Mrs Clapton. He checked his computer whilst squirming on his seat and was delighted to see ‘finance approved’. He pressed print and heard the printer behind him starting up.

‘You’ve been approved. I’m just printing the forms. Then I just need the deposit and that’s us. Congratulations!’

‘Brilliant. I have my card here for the £500. If you can hold on a minute that is.’

Emit forgot himself as he muttered ‘possibly a minute but not much longer’ as he crossed his legs and wriggled on his leather seat.

‘You really should just go to the bathroom you know!’

Emit didn’t know where to look. He cheeks flushed, his heart pounded and his legs wobbled.

‘Sorry! I’m fine. So sorry! Where was I? Yes deposit. I’ll just take your deposit now please’

Mrs Clapton handed over her card and Emit tried valiantly to type her details while clenching his muscles tight.

‘You should go before you have an accident Emit. You are just like my four year old dancing about in denial and struggling to hold. Carry on like that and you’ll end up having an accident you know.’

Emit wanted the ground to swallow him up. He really wanted to finish the sale but his penis was half erect with the effort of holding and he swore he would burst any second.

He had to swallow his pride. He was about to piss himself as he tried to type the card details in. Bouncing on the seat grabbing himself he finally gave in.

With one hand tightly gripping himself for dear life he ran off leaving Mrs Clapton shaking her head in disbelief.

‘Now that’ll be a close call I expect’ she said as Martin returned with the photocopied papers laughing.

‘Poor Embarrassed Emit. Now let’s get on with this sale shall we?’

*003*2019-12-01 18:29

{{12 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Fantastic! Did he make it tho??

}}

That’s for the reader to decide I guess

