My first fiction - Page 6

*126*2019-02-05 22:46

Will listened to his sat nav carefully as he replayed the route in his mind that he had read online. Everything was familiar, yet different. His whole life, his demeanour, his entire body, felt different. His cheeks were redder, his nerves calmer and his heart steadier. He wasn’t holding his breath at the red traffic lights panicking at the thought he might be seconds late for work. He wasn’t stressed at the fact he had no lunch with him and no clean coffee cup. All he could think of was the absolute joy and high that Sarah brought him. Things were changing and for once he was actually ok with that.

Sarah sang along to the radio in her car, happier and more care free than she could ever remember. She wasn’t anxious about her clients, or weighed down at the heavy burden of business bills to pay, or even concerned at her lack of lunch preparation. Everything was worth it. The world was a brighter place with Will in. Right now she could not stop smiling as she pulled into the car park of her work. Whatever faced her today, the next day, or for weeks and months to come, as long as she had Will she felt it would all be perfect.

‘Someone looks happy for a Tuesday morning?’

‘Morning Emma. You look lovely today by the way! And thanks. I just have so much to be happy about.’

‘Come on! Spill! I’m going to assume you haven’t won the lottery as I doubt you would be here if you had...so that leaves...a man! Oh Sarah have you met someone? Have you? Tell me!’

Sarah was desperate to tell someone!

‘Maybe I have! So are we going inside or standing out here all day? It could be interesting chatting to people outside in a car park all day eh.’

‘Ha! You’ve definitely met someone!

As the ladies carried on turning the alarm off, switching lights on and unlocking the bathrooms and Sarah’s office, Emma continued to question Sarah about her mystery guy. Emma was practically dancing around the waiting room as she straightened chairs and stacked magazines as if the world was all rainbows and unicorns. She never wanted this feeling to go. But as soon as the phone rang and soon after the first client arrived, Sarah quickly switched to work mode and put her whole self into helping her clients.

Will arrived at work a minute later than normal but he was relieved to see his favourite parking space available as always. Instead of sneaking in like an undercover spy, terrified of seeing anyone, Will walked in with his head held high, a spring in his step, a new found confidence in himself. He swiped in and when someone said ‘morning’ to him he had no hesitation in replying ‘morning’ back, even if it only came out in a whisper. Will was so proud of himself but still a huge relief swept over him when he entered his private office and he found everything exactly as he had left it the night before. He turned his computer on and automatically filled his coffee machine with water and turned it on. He sat down to check his emails and soon found himself engrossed in everything work related within minutes.

Sarah’s first client left in a better place mentally than she had arrived. Sarah saw her out and smiled at Emma knowing full well that the minute the client left she would ask again about Sarah’s new man. Instead she passed on a message that her second client of the day had called in sick, something that rarely happened. Sarah thanked Emma as she returned to her office to type up notes from her first appointment before using the time to check emails, read today’s post and make some calls. First though was to do something she should have done before her first client arrived. Sarah did a quick google for a number then used her mobile to make a call.

Will was busy solving complex computer system faults when he went to pick up his coffee mug only to suddenly remember it hadn’t been washed and was still in his bag. Will fished it out, rinsed it in the little sink in the room but decided it really wasn’t clean enough to use so he turned his coffee machine off. This was the longest he had been at work ever without a coffee but hey he had no choice.

Will jumped when his desk phone rang. His desk phone never rang. Everyone knew Will preferred communication in writing so they leant not to call. Will reluctantly answered to find it was the reception desk saying there was a delivery for him. Confused and surprised Will listened at the door for any sign of others, as he always did, before walking down the corridor to reception. This was all new and different and Will suddenly felt his anxiety increasing as always.

‘Delivery for a Will Highland?’

‘That’s me’ Will whispered, though he could not look the delivery person in the eyes.

Will took the package back to his office and he was ecstatic to see someone had ordered a large mug of white coffee and a chunky brown bloomer tuna mayonnaise sandwich from a popular bakers!

‘Sarah’ he said to himself. ‘She’s just so amazing!’

Will texted her a thanks followed by a good few exes, beaming from ear to ear as he sipped the most delicious coffee he could recall.

He did a quick google and decided to order something for Sarah too. He dug in his bag for his wallet to type in his card details and turned to look into it more as he felt something unusual. It was the sandwich bag containing Sarah’s knickers in from the night before at the coffee shop. Will had the sexiest flashbacks to seeing Sarah desperate to pee as they arrived at Starbucks and hearing her say she had something for him. He opened the bag, feeling the kickers in his hands, smelling them and kissing them all over again and suddenly he was as erect as a telephone mast and gagging for Sarah all over again! He quickly put the pants away and continued his online purchase, excited and aroused much more than he should have been at work!

‘Thank goodness for a private office! Thank goodness for the internet’ Will said very matter of fact.

*127*2019-02-06 00:54

Will’s Tuesday carried on pretty uneventful and having had less than average liquid consumption he found himself driving home not quite as desperate for the bathroom as he normally was. Sure he needed to go, having not been since he left Sarah’s house that morning but he was under control for once and happy to be in his apartment once again. The first thing he did was still pee though, and the relief it brought was still exciting, amazing and incredibly relaxing. 

After he washed his hands he updated his log on his phone for a Sarah before having a shower before dinner. Tuesday was lasagne so as he got dried and dressed Will put the lasagne for one in his oven. He was missing Sarah more than he thought possible and not keen on texting or emailing as he knew she worked late on Tuesdays. He turned on the TV to catch up with the news, as he always did,and plugged his phone in to charge. Life was back as if meeting Sarah had never happened and Will wasn’t sure if he liked that feeling one bit.

Sarah kept busy with clients of various issues and complexities though her heart jumped every time her eyes saw the beautiful bouquet of flowers Will had had delivered earlier. She had been teased by Emma when they arrived but deep down she knew her receptionist and friend was truly delighted for her. Tuesdays were long and it was getting dark when the last client finally left and Sarah could lock up for the night taking her laptop, flowers and notes all home with her. 

As she drove the familiar half hour route home Sarah recalled how just a few days ago she had been caught in traffic on this same road on the very edge of wetting herself. She had never dared admit that the very thought of wetting actually aroused her enormously but then she chuckled to herself as she remembered seeing Will with her wet underwear around his willy and how clearly that aroused him. Will was under her skin now, in her mind always and etched on her heart. She was missing him like crazy and longed to kiss him like nothing else right now. Instead she detoured to the supermarket picking up an individual veggie pizza and some milk and bread before heading home alone.

While her pizza warmed Sarah texted Will.

‘Thank you again for the flowers! They are incredible just like you. Sarah xx’

She lingered at her name longing to write ‘love Sarah’ but afraid of being too full on too soon. She poured herself a glass of orange juice and had drank most of it by the time her pizza was ready. She refilled her glass and drank that with her pizza before ending her meal with a mug of tea. It was already after 9:30pm but Sarah had so much she wanted to talk to Will about so she turned on her laptop and typed out an email, hoping Will was still up and that he would receive it before bed.

‘Hi Will,

Sometimes even people that support others, like me, can find things hard to say so I thought I would write things down.

Since the day I first met you i knew there was something about you. You set me alight just watching you in that waiting area. As you know I really needed the bathroom that time and when I realised you did too I want you to know that that turned me on so much. I’ve never told anyone that before but I’ve always been aroused by pee desperation, my own and others (mostly men) and I hope you didn’t notice that day. You turned me on like crazy with the way you squirmed in my office, the way you held yourself and then the ultimate when I got to hear and see you pee. 

Since we first met you are all that causes me to be turned on, all that brings me to orgasm, all that I think about. Sex with you is the most incredible, most perfect thing I have ever experienced. The times we have peed together, the ‘McDonalds experience’ the euphoria of you pissing in the ladies at my work, the ‘Starbucks surprise’ I gave you, the shared toilet and shower at yours, the reliving your school day at mine last night with the jugs...they have all taken me to places sexually I never knew existed but that I now crave so bad. I guess I just wanted to say you are all I ever dreamed about and more.

It can be hard to say things like this in person and I hope this hasn’t been too much or too full on. I just knew I needed to tell you as I want to continue to help you overcome your general anxiety but most of all your struggles with peeing easily away from your home. I do feel there is so much more we can ‘work on’ together but as you no doubt know already I can not hide my adoration and sexual attraction to you. I think you feel the same but please let me know if not as I will understand.

You are doing amazing by the way and I am proud of you,

With fondness,

Sarah xx’

Will was channel hopping, debating with himself wether to call it a night when his phone beeped with an email. He checked the sender then brought it up and read it six times, each time getting harder and harder and more insanely turned on than ever! His desire was so strong to touch Sarah it was all he could do not to jump in his car wearing nothing but his t-shirt and pyjama trousers and drive to hers right that minute! Instead he stroked his member with one hand and typed on his phone with the other.

‘Hi Sarah,

Oh God you turn me on sweetie! I’m typing one handed and I’ll leave you to guess what the other hand is doing. Please excuse any typos. My mind is on you as is my body!

This is a bit embarrassing to write but the thought of you bursting to pee is the biggest turn on I can ever imagine. I too orgasm to the thought of you incredibly desperate to pee and you saw yourself what your wet pants did for me. Baby you with a full bladder is heaven to me. I am too embarrassed to say this in person but if you ever had an accident in any way I would explode just at the thought. I’m almost exploding now!

I always thought I was weird, a freak, to have this fetish. I thought it was because of that incident in school or something but I always felt so ashamed until I met you. You take me places I never thought possible. You are my key to freedom in every way.

You are beautiful, sexy, perfect. I can’t get enough of you, desperate for the toilet or not.

I only have one question: would you enjoy me having an accident?

Oh fuck honey I need to cum soon! You have me hard as nails here as always! You are the most beautiful sexiest woman to have ever been made!

Your dearest friend, Will x’

Sarah wondered if she had blown things. She made herself a hot chocolate to console and comfort herself. She was so impulsive at times and far too honest for her own good. Why she had thought Will should hear her inmost thoughts she never knew. ‘You stupid woman’ she spoke to herself. And then her laptop beeped with Will’s email.

Sarah’s eyes lit up as she read and reread every single word! Her nipples instantly hard and erect, her pussy lips wet and open, her clitoris hard and swollen. Never before had words on a page brought her so close to climax so suddenly! As she placed one hand inside her knickers and explored herself, imagining it was Will, she typed a very simple message back.

‘I would love you to have a genuine accident after a long and intensive struggle to hold. I am close to orgasm at just the thought!’

Will was stroking himself furiously but managed to control himself just enough to email back.

‘Let’s arrange this soon xxx’

Sarah couldn’t resist

‘Tonight?’

*129*2019-02-06 11:43

{{5 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol another fantastic chapter

}}

I gave you two for the price of one there lol

*130*2019-02-06 22:57

Will almost ejaculated at that thought! It took all his self control to hold back as he walked to his fridge for some beer. He wasn’t really feeling much desire to pee right now but then again he was extremely turned on which often masked a very full bladder. A few beers would not do any harm anyway. He hurried back to email Sarah.

‘You’re on!’

Sarah sat alone in her house, dressed in flowery cotton pyjamas and a pair of plain white frilly knickers, playing with herself a lot. Will might not be here but his effect on her body and mind was still evident and growing! Despite being very close to sexual climax Sarah was aware that her two glasses of juice, mug of tea and more recent mug of hot chocolate were filling her bladder fast, though right now her thoughts were preoccupied more with sexual desire. For privacy and comfort she picked up her phone and went to her bedroom so she could access her drawer of toys. She hadn’t used a vibrator since meeting Will but tonight, without him physically here, she longed for the feeling of something strong inside her. It wasn’t the same but it was still very pleasant and satisfying. She slid it in easily whist writing a quick reply to Will.

‘I’m upstairs playing with my toy. I need to pee a little but brought a large glass of water with me. I’m only in my pyjamas though. Is that ok?’

Will was so big and hard and longing. Right now he didn’t care that Sarah was in her nightwear. Oh yes jeans, her smart work suits or skirts would look tremendous soaked in her urine but right now anything she would pee in for him would send him to heaven. He just hoped she would get bursting super quick because he was struggling to hold back firing. At least typing might prevent his release, if only temporarily. He felt it only right that Sarah knew that he too was only in his pyjamas, well they were sort of on him anyway!

‘Of course. I’ve only got my lounge pants (pyjama trousers) on too. Maybe this can be our first practice though I ought to say I haven’t wet since...well you know when. I’m drinking beer and....well thinking of you has me very hard. You have complete control of my bladder tonight beautiful. Do as you wish.’

Sarah almost orgasmed with sheer excitement as she read Will’s email. She only had one slight concern: she knew from experience how much this man could hold and for a very long time! He’d been holding his pee all day for so many years and Sarah had had a very long day at work, 11 hours to be exact, and in just nine hours time she would be back there again. She could not wait too long for Will, physically or sexually. The more she typed and read and the less she played with herself the more she became aware of her growing need to pee.

‘Will please drink a lot! I’m already needing to go pretty bad. I know it’s not a competition but I really want to stay awake for you wetting. You have control of my bladder too. Well for as long as I can stay awake lol.

I’m missing kissing you by the way! So much.’

Will didn’t want to disappoint so he finished his second beer and filled a large glass with cold water. He was sure he would be bursting soon, though every time he read another email or so much as thought about Sarah needing the bathroom his penis doubled in size immediately! That gave him a thought! He decided to email Sarah to see what she thought.

‘I’m really missing your kisses too. And your touch! I have a problem here. I am, emmmmm, struggling to contain myself haha. Would you be ok if I got release sexually first as then I would almost certainly really need to piss and I will piss myself for you willingly? I know it sounds selfish but you have me right on edge thinking of you. The very thought of you squirming has me longing for you like crazy babe. Let me know your thoughts.’

Sarah’s glass of water was empty and her bladder very full. She read Will’s email and laughed to herself. She was bursting and squirming a lot. She used her phone to video herself for almost a minute as she fanned her legs in and out on her bed, repeated how much she had to pee and how bursting she was a few times and then squirmed and bounced about some more. She wasn’t acting either: she really had to go! Whilst fidgeting loads she wrote back:

‘I’m struggling to type. My nipples are hard, my urethra pounding. The hairs on my neck are even standing up. I really need the bathroom. Remember when we first met in my office and I could not sit still...I need to go worse than that! Oh I am bursting honey! I’m desperate for release. My bladder is huge and aching, my forehead is sweating, my hands shaking. My vaginal lips are open, wet and making way for the floodgates to open. My legs won’t stay still. Oh my God I need the toilet so fucking badly! My hand is rubbing myself, I’m rocking. I think I’m going to piss myself any moment. I can feel it right on the edge. Oh my God I can hardly hold this back. My knickers are damp. I can barely type. Oh it’s on the very tip now. Have a watch of me Will.’

Sarah struggled to wait as the phone condensed the video and sent it. She grabbed a towel and stood on it in her bedroom marching on the spot trying valiantly to keep back the huge flood. She wanted the email away so she could film herself wetting and send that too. What was taking the phone so long to send? Oh she was dripping now. Her pants much more than just damp! Finally the shooting noise from her phone went confirming the message had gone. Not a second too soon she thought as she pointed her camera at her crotch, pressed record, stood still and the inevitable took place. First a big spurt, then a longer one, then seconds later a huge loud stream hissed it’s way through Sarah’s cotton while knickers and her flowery pyjama bottoms, down her legs and soaking the towel beneath her. Every last drip, every noise and the ever increasing wetness all captured on film.

Sarah stood still while her feet squelched in the towel as she sent a second email to Will.

‘I tried so hard to wait. It refused to stay in. I was exceedingly bursting and had to wee. It was too late to get to the bathroom on time. I hope you don’t mind.’ She attached the video, this time finding the delay in sending much easier to cope with.

Sarah only hoped Will would like what he read and saw.

*132*2019-02-07 09:21

{{7 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Fuck that was so hot and good

}}

Thank you. Would love to get this published as maybe an ebook. What’s your thoughts?

*134*2019-02-07 12:06

Will sat in his apartment lounge with his pyjama trousers below his bottom, his hard and large penis pointing straight up, one hand stroking and exploring himself and the other typing when needed. His iPad currently resting on the table nearby as he waited for Sarah to reply, his mind visualising her in her pyjamas dying for the loo. He had to stroke more with every squirm he imagined her doing, every moan his mind heard. He’d never wanted to cum so badly without watching a video or being with Sarah before.

Then he read Sarah’s email and his head almost exploded with sexual desire! Her words and description alone had him stroking furiously then opening the video and watching and hearing her sent pre-cum oozing out of him. Will’s body felt on fire, a current of sexual electricity firing through it, his eyes alight, his mouth open, his tongue panting. This was better than any porn video he had ever come across in his life. This was a girl, an amazing beautiful girl, doing this exclusively for him knowing the effect it had on him and wanting to make him happy. Oh how fast his heart was beating right now.

To then hear her write about wetting herself and get to watch the first spurt seep out of her and watch open mouthed in awe as her flowery pyjamas changed colour first at her crotch then slowly down her legs, even seeing droplets of urine glisten at the bottom of Sarah’s ankles was more than Will’s body could cope with as his penis twitched and exploded copious white liquid in time with the noise of Sarah’s feet squelching on his soaked towel. This was it, the ultimate in satisfaction and desire. Nothing satisfied him quite like Sarah. No-one turned him on like she did. He had to somehow tell her. She should know.

‘Oh fuck! Sometimes I just can’t find the right words. You know exactly what to do to get me going and you do it so tremendously well. You, Sarah Henderson, are the sexiest most wonderful woman alive. You just took me to the best mind blowing orgasm ever! I’m still shaking now! I wish you were here. I need you to know you are the best. Xxxxx’

Sarah felt so naughty but so incredibly aroused. She was sure Will was masterbating watching her and reading her words and that thought caused her whole body to long for him more than ever. Knowing she turned him on, understood him, connected with him gave her goose bumps. Her secret desires and fetishes now exposed for the first time and that feeling of not only being accepted and treasured but that the other person found your fetish a huge turn on too was more than anything Sarah could have dreamt. 

She stood looking at herself, standing in her own bedroom on a soaking wet towel, warm pee still dripping down her legs as gravity continued it’s pull , her wet pyjamas clinging to her making her feel vulnerable but super excited. The wetness, the taboo-ness, the cheekiness of it all making her laugh. She’s never done this for someone else, having kept her deepest sexual secrets locked up in her mind for so many years. She’d only experimented wetting herself deliberately twice before, and only once in her life as an adult had a genuine accident, but this exposing herself to someone else was something else altogether. She felt so excited and alive she grabbed another towel from her cupboard, stepped out of her pyjama trousers and stroked herself through her soaked knickers. She was ready for her next enjoyment now. She hoped Will was ready to give her what she craved.

Will was surprised but delighted when no sooner had he cleaned his seminal fluid up with a tissue than he had a sudden and rather urgent desire to wee! He almost instinctively got up to run to the bathroom when he remembered his promise that Sarah could control his bladder. He’d so wanted to control Sarah’s but hey she had exceeded all he needed and wanted by a long long way so she was more than forgiven for wetting herself before he said she could. In fact he would not have been able to speak due to desire anyway and wow she took him somewhere special. But now his flaccid penis was about to leak something else as another powerful urge hit him. It wasn’t easy to type but he had to try.

‘Hi, not sure if you are still awake. I’m suddenly absolutely desperate for the loo now. Really desperate. Pinching him closed but can’t hold back long.’

The warm wetness of Sarah’s underpants squelched noisily as her hand stroked her open and ready body. The gusset of her pants now filling with stringy mucus as her phone beeped with an email. Sarah read it while stroking faster. Thoughts of a bursting Will floating in her mind sent waves of pleasure through her body as her hips bounced rhythmically on the towel on her bed, her knees bend, her thighs swaying. Will knew how to press her buttons alright! She was more than ready but she didn’t want it over with too soon. She was going to make Will wait until she was ready to orgasm. Only then could he get his release too. She messaged him back.

‘Still awake. Lying on my bed stroking through my soaking wet knickers. Longing for you, longing to climax but would love to hear more about your need. Beg me babe. Your not getting to piss until I orgasm so the balls in your court. It’s up to you how soon I climax and therefore you get to pee. The more you tell me or show me how bad you git to go the better this will be for us both. You better be genuine though! I’ll know if it’s fake!’

Will read Sarah’s email tightly crossed legged gripping his penis tightly. He was bursting. He wasn’t sure how long he could hold back and now the only thing stopping him was Sarah.

*136*2019-02-07 17:55

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

Fuck what a fantastic chapter this story is so dam hot and it would make a fantastic book

}}

Thank you. It’s over thirty chapters now! Glad you are still finding it sexy

*138*2019-02-08 01:11

With his legs crossed and one hand grabbing himself hard he made an attempt to tell Sarah how much he had to go.

‘Sarah I’m bursting. Crossed legged holding myself. Very desperate. Got to go.’

Sarah smiled reading that but she wanted more, much more.

‘Will that’s not enough! Tell me more while I think about wether you really need it badly enough to let you go.’

Sometimes Will struggled with words. For the last 19 years he’d only very very rarely had to ask anyone to go to the bathroom. He had been home schooled since he refused to return to school after wetting himself, then did a chunk of his university degree from home, then in any jobs he just either never knew where the bathrooms were or just could not overcome his anxiety enough to use them. Will had learnt to silence his need and never ask permission. It briefly crossed his mind that Sarah was aware of this and that this was maybe some sort of plan to help him but he also knew she found the thought of him desperate a massive sexual turn on, just like he did when she was bursting, so he assumed the agenda right now was sexual desire and for that reason he would swallow hard and try and find more words to ask and explain his need to pee. He simply loved the thought of what this might do for Sarah.

Will was a logical, ordered, and thorough man so he thought of an idea to try and help him. Starting from the tip of his toes he would try and tell Sarah how every part of his body was responding and changing due to his absolutely urgent need now to piss.

‘How about this:

My toes are tightly curled because I am concentrating hard on not peeing myself.

My feet are bouncing on the floor, unable to stay still or I will empty everywhere.

My legs are continually moving, bouncing, squirming and fidgeting as the thing hanging at the top between then threatens to spill its huge contents all over them. They are squeezing that thing tightly and keeping it moving to stop it opening and relaxing.

My balls ache so badly.

My penis is twitching and so full of piss. It aches I need release so bad.

Oh God I need to pee so much!

My hips are swaying, pushing forwards and backwards, bending forwards to try and keep my bladder from bursting.

My bladder is sore and bulging and so very full and hard.

My chest is pounding.

Oh God I’m bursting babe. Please let me pee?

My arms are swinging, supporting my bladder, rubbing it, my hands squeezing my dick for all I’m worth, rubbing myself and gripping the side of my chair tightly to try and hold back the flood.

My shoulders are tense.

My neck is stiff and tense too.

I’m dying for the loo. Can I go yet?

My lips are biting together in worry. My teeth are clenched.

My cheeks flushed with embarrassment.

My eyes feel like they are swimming and have tears in them.

My forehead is sweating.

Sweetheart I’m going to piss myself. Let me go will you?’

Will had really struggled to write and he was now scrunched up holding his penis so tightly he was almost hurting himself. Boy was he desperate! He only hoped Sarah could work that out? He needed her to read and reply quickly. This was an emergency!

Sarah had never read anything so hot in her life! Her whole body was lapping the words in front of her as she read them out to her body as if her vaginal lips, clitoris and nipples had ears. With her soaking knickers still on she inserted her vibrator and turned it on. She was almost ready to get release and in turn let Will get his but she wanted, needed, just one more thing first. Typing while on the edge of orgasm was quite a challenge but Sarah did her best.

‘That’s hot. You do sound like you need a wee a little babe. What room are you in? I’ll let you pee once you answer. Though please do as I ask first. X’

Will was loving this although he really was unsure if he would piss all over his flat before he had permission to go. He closed his eyes and tried to imagine Sarah with wet pants on she had just peed in for him and the thought of her on the cusp of an orgasm due to him squirming in desperation. Despite his very urgent need to piss and the fact he had just had sexual relief his penis did respond a little. How could it not really? But oh he ached to pee. Hallelujah for a reply from Sarah at last!

‘Oh I do need to pee Sarah. So badly! So very badly. I’m going to piss the floor any second. I’m begging you to let me go? Pretty please? I’m in the lounge by the way. Just my underwear on and t-shirt.’

‘Hi Will. You’ll get to go soon. Promise. Try and be patient. Can I watch you pee dance? Ideally in your bedroom where we made love just a few nights ago for the first time? Thanks.’

Sarah was getting closer and closer to satisfaction but trying to stay on edge as long as possible. She just hoped Will wasn’t getting upset or angry.

Will’s excruciating need to piss meant he would do anything for Sarah right now. He was putty in her hands yet somewhere in his mind he was also finding this whole situation a massive turn on. He just couldn’t get hard as his urethra was too full of warm wet urine to allow blood to flow into his dick. He grabbed his iPad and hobbled to his bedroom, smiling at the memory of making love to Sarah here just a few nights previously. He balanced his iPad on the unit by his bed and pressed record as he legitimately pee danced frantically for his lover, vocalising his urgent need and moaning deeply. He was so grateful for super speed WiFi to send his minute long dance to Sarah. He wrote as a preface:

‘Starting to leak. Think I have less than a minute left. About to burst!’

Sarah watched the video on her phone, lying on her bed semi naked on a wet towel with warm pee soaked knickers on and her vibrator inside her. The combinations of watching Will and hearing him sent her flying over the edge quickly with desire. Her body shook, her head tipped back, her back arched as she reached orgasm thinking of only Will. It took almost a minute to calm.

Will was in serious danger now. He grabbed a dirty pair of socks from his floor and allowed a sudden leak to go all over them as he held them near the tip of his floundering member. It took all his strength to stop as both socks quickly soaked in the warm yellow urine. What was taking Sarah so long to get back to him? He looked around the room to see if there was anything else he could pee in but he could barely focus now.

Finally his iPad beeped.

‘Oh Will sorry for delay. You made me orgasm and it was heavenly. Do you want to piss now babe? If so I’ll let you know how.’

‘I want to piss so badly. I just squirted over my dirty socks. I’m losing the battle. Please please please let me go.’

‘Please find a pair of jeans for me. Pull off your underwear and pull the jeans on naked. You may then piss standing in them in your room. If possible can I watch?’

Will had so little time to spare. He pulled his boxers down and hobbled to his chest of drawers with pee right at the very head of his penis. He pulled out the first pair of jeans he had and rushed back to where his iPad was, pressing record on his camera again.

Will pulled one leg into the jeans as another longer spurt burst uncontrollably out of him, arching in the air before landing on the other leg of the jeans. He pulled his other leg in the already damp jeans, jumping up as he attempted to pull the trousers over his bare feet. He was lost for words though the camera was catching very clearly what was happening. With the jeans now at his knees Will tried to pull them up as his body finally craved to the insurmountable pressure and his penis became a hose pipe with streams of warm, frothy, light yellow urine soaring out of him at speed filling the legs of the jeans and the gusset quickly with so much piss. Will was utterly enthralled and shocked at the sheer volume his body had been holding as he finally remembered what he had been trying to do as he pulled the jeans fully up with his penis still poured out pee in a loud hiss.

Will stood looking right at the camera winking as he paused in his sodden jeans, which sparkled and glistened from the wetness. Finally he pressed stop on the video and sent it to Sarah with just three words.

‘Just for you’

Sarah was waiting eagerly to hear how Will got on, enjoying the post orgasm feeling of contentment and bliss. Even without Will in person with her he was more than able to satisfy her completely. She could feel their emotional connection deepening by the day. She removed her toy from beneath her legs slowly stroking herself to calm.

That all changed the second her phone opened Will’s video! Like a car firing up and speeding into fifth gear right away Sarah found her body instantly on fire again. She used her fingers to deeply insert into her body as she found herself having a second climax solely from the erotic and incredible way Will had wet his jeans for her. She’d never seen or heard anything like it; the hottest thing that ever existed! She lusted after this man more than anyone in the world. He was the creme de la creme, the icing on the cake, the epitome of sex on a plate. She would sleep the deepest, most satisfying sleep dreaming of Will again, as she had done every night since Thursday.

Will smiled as he picked up the laundry and filled the washing machine. This girl was worth any amount of dirty laundry in the world. His Sarah; his lover; his girl. This was more than lust, this was a whole new level of something, he just wasn’t sure what yet.

He went to sleep with Sarah’s final email in his head. Nothing could surpass the happiness he felt right this minute. To think that five days ago he had no idea this perfect woman even existed!

‘Will Highland you are the sexiest man in the world!’

{{5 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Still amazing!! Soooo turned on

}}

Thank you. Having the power to turn anyone on just using words is a huge compliment indeed.

*140*2019-02-09 00:18

Sarah slept soundly having changed into dry knickers and removed the towel from her bed. She woke to find her wet pants from the night before, a wet towel and her wet pyjama bottoms, plus the towel from her bed, all in a loose pile on her bedroom floor. She smiled as she recalled the events of the night before, before gathering up the pile and placing them in her laundry basket. She then carried on her usual morning routine and headed off to work.

Will woke with a raging hard on having dreamt about Sarah. He really wanted to do something about it but decided to leave that for later and get on with his usual morning work routine remembering to take the wet clothes from his washing machine into his dryer before leavening for work. He found himself whistling while making his lunch and almost skipped out the door to his car.

His work day flew in and before he knew it he was sneaking out to his car as always, driving home with a very full bladder as was usual, still not yet able to find the courage to find or use the bathrooms at work. Will really wanted to see Sarah but he also missed his nightly routine, the watching the news, the familiarity of his pre-scheduled meals and doing a crossword and reading his book before bed. He also didn’t want to overload Sarah, or himself, reminding himself that too much of a good thing wasn’t always good. The problem was the second he so much as thought about Sarah his penis jumped into action. His mind was so busy mulling all this over he actually forgot how desperate he was to pee until he got into his apartment and had to pull his penis out quick before it spat it contents everywhere. There was no pee quite like that ‘just in the door after work’ pee! Ohhhh it was almost orgasmic to get release from holding so much for so long.

Sarah found herself singing away in her car as she drove to work, her eyes glistening and her face smiling all day long. She felt like she was floating on air as every spare moment she found her mind thinking of Will. Oh how she wanted to see him tonight but she was worried it was getting too intensive, too full on for him and she wanted to give him space. The last thing she wanted was to frightened him off. She resisted the temptation to text him all day but the second she got home from work she found herself unable to hold off any longer. This wasn’t so much about sex any more, she actually cared about Will and hoped he had had a good day. She read her text over twice before pressing send, worried she was getting too possessive or needy but not wanting to ignore him either. He hadn’t emailed or texted once since last night and she was wondering if he’d had enough of her now. She had to know.

‘Hi Will. I can’t stop thinking about you and hope you have had a good day. Did you try finding the toilets yet?’

Will jumped to hear his phone, engrossed in trying to think of the missing word in his crossword. His heart almost missed a beat and his penis hardened the second he saw Sarah’s name! He wrote back right away, even remembering the exes.

‘Hey sexy! I can’t stop thinking about you either! Been a good day but still not ventured out my office yet. How was your day? Xxxx’

Sarah was so happy to hear back so quickly. She wanted to ask Will something but it was breaking tradition and she wasn’t sure if Will would be keen anyway. She paused before deciding to go for it anyway.

‘Bet you were bursting to piss when you got home honey? Probably best I don’t think about that or you know what will happen hehe. I was thinking, would you like to go for dinner and maybe the cinema on Friday night? I mean we’ve not even had a first date have we? If it’s too much just say. It’s just an idea.’

Nerves suddenly shot right through Wills entire body, causing him to sweat and shiver. The thought of a change, going out in public, eating something other than fish on Friday? He’d changed so much since meeting Sarah and he’d coped with and achieved more than he thought he could but still he was nervous. This was out of his comfort zone by a long way but his desire to be with a Sarah and please her made him text back.

‘What a great idea! Is there a film you want to see? I have no idea about restaurants sorry but just let me have the postcode and I will prepare in advance. Thanks’

Sarah was so proud of Will. She so wanted to kiss him and show him just how proud she was. She looked at the flowers he’d had delivered to her at work just the day before and she knew he was one of the most caring and courageous men she had ever met. While she waited on her take away arriving for her dinner she googled a traditional pub that she was sure would have fish and chips on the menu, recalling how Will had said last Friday as he opened the door to leave the disabled toilet in McDonalds, after peeing through an erect penis for the first time thanks to her, that he always had fish on a Friday. Sarah smiled to herself as she thought about just how much she knew about Will even though they had only met five days ago. She loved his predictability, his security, his smell. He made her feel so special, so beautiful, so precious. And oh God was he sexy!

‘What about we meet at yours at 6? I’ll get you in the car park and we can go to the Starling for dinner? Actually can I call you?’

Will froze. He hated talking on the phone. It made him feel nauseous but he loved the sound of Sarahs voice, ever since he had first heard her call his name in the waiting room at her work. Shaking and sweating he replied with just one word.

‘Sure.’

Within seconds of it sending his mobile rang causing him to almost jump out of his seat. He fumbled trying to answer it, feeling stupidly awkward trying to talk to the girl he idolised so much.

‘Hi Will, oh I miss you honey. Really miss you. It’s just easier to talk than write it all. Plus I so wanted to hear your voice again. Anyway, I was thinking, if I met you in the car park at your apartment then I can drive us to The Starling. Guess what? They sell fish and chips! It’s a traditional pub menu. Anyway, if I drive then I was thinking you could have a few beers if you fancied? Then, if you want, only if you want to that is, we could go on to the cinema afterwards? I’ll drop you back home of course! Friday. What to you say?’

Will was still processing the first question let alone the others! He took a deep breath and swallowed before clearing his throat.

‘That sounds perfect. As long as I am with you. Sarah, I like you so much.’

‘Will, I really like you too. My dinner will be here any minute and tomorrow I’m working late but I’ll stay in contact and pick you up in the car park outside yours at 6 on Friday. Will, I’m so happy and proud of you. You are...amazing!’

‘Mmmm you are the amazing one. Have a good night. It was so lovely to hear your voice.’

‘You too Will. Sleep well. Bye. See you Friday!’

Will was rock hard and horny as hell. Just hearing Sarah’s voice did something to him and he brought himself off then and there just closing his eyes and recalling all the adventures they had already had.

Roll on Friday! He longed to kiss and hold his girl again.

*142*2019-02-10 00:41

Thursday cane and went for Will in a blur. Work was busy and he liked it that way. He spent his evening researching ‘The Starling’ from when the pub was built to every owner since then. Will felt much more comfortable when he had facts and information on his side. Sarah had been right with their menu and Will knew exactly what he would eat and drink already. He wasn’t someone who felt comfortable eating or drinking in public but he was doing this for Sarah, and she was worth every minute of his anxiety. Next he studied the cinema website until he decided which of two films he felt able to see before reading reviews on both. He wasn’t one for doing anything social so hadn’t ever been to the cinema before but he’d watched many a film from the comfort of his own home. He half wondered if Sarah might yet prefer that option tomorrow too, it certainly appealed to him more for several reasons.

Sarah’s Thursday utterly dragged in. Her final client, the one replacing what had originally been Will’s slot, was hard work and thoroughly draining. Sarah was physically and emotionally exhausted by the time she arrived home and all she could face to eat was a sausage sandwich and a cup of tea before a brief check of social media and the news before heading to bed. Some nights her bed just felt such a lonely place to be and she longed, not for the first time, to have someone to hold her and tell her they cared about her. She wanted Will but tonight not for anything sexual more for company and comfort after a long day of hearing the difficult problems of other people.

Will woke on Friday morning bright and early with an excitement he could not remember experiencing before. He hadn’t contacted Sarah yesterday as he knew she was working late but his heart missed her and as he dried himself after his shower he texted her to say how much he was looking forward to seeing her. He had woken hard and horny but he wanted to save himself for tonight so he pushed any sexual thoughts away and got on with his morning. He took extra care trimming his beard, brushing his blond hair and making sure his suit was smart and his shirt sitting perfectly for tonight. He sprayed deodorant and then took some with him just in case. 

This was all new to him, so new he had in fact even googled ‘what to wear on an date’ last night, chuckling to himself when he read about short skirts and revealing dresses as he realised he hadn’t stated which sex on his search. While he had always fancied being desperate in a dress and wetting one he’d never actually went as far as to buy one or even try one on. The advice for what men should wear was too varied so he went with the top one of suit and tie since he wore those to work anyway. He grabbed his laptop bag and his lunch bag with his coffee cup, milk, sugar, bottles of water and his lunch, locked his door and headed for his day in the office.

Emma was still convinced Sarah had met someone and continued her teasing and hints for information helping Sarah’s morning pass on a brighter note than the day previously. Even Sarah’s mentor, who she spoke with twice weekly, was now picking up vibes that something or someone was affecting Sarah in a very positive way. Sarah had been playing detective too, only her google searches were for no other reason than to find a photo of Will that she could look at often to swoon over. He didn’t appear to have much of a social footprint which Sarah found quite reassuring but she found a few photographs and saved them all. In her brief breaks between clients she touched the photos on her phone dreaming about seeing Will later.

It was in one of those moments when she heard a brief knock on her door and Emma push it open. She had been to the bakers and kindly picked up a take away cup of Sarah’s favourite soup. Something about Emma seemed different so Sarah turned and asked if she was ok as the smartly dressed young girl came towards Sarah to hand over her soup, red faced and somewhat restless.

‘You ok Emma? Anything wrong?’

‘Oh so sorry Sarah. It’s embarrassing but I haven’t stopped all morning and the bakers had a long queue and...’

Emma did a cute curtesy before finishing.

‘I’m just really in need of a bathroom break. I didn’t want to take your soup in there so came right to you first.’

She crossed her legs and smiled at Sarah.

Sarah had never seem Emma like this before and she was captivated.

‘Oh of course! Off you go. I have an urgent email to reply to so if you could please cover the desk over lunch I’ll pay you an extra hour next week. Thanks Sarah. You really are brilliant at what you do and I couldn’t do without you.’

That was all the praise Emma needed. She would do anything for Sarah, not just because she paid her, but because she respected her too. She hobbled out to go next door to the ladies right away. Unfortunately, however, the phone rang and instinctively Emma ran instead to reception and answered it.

Sarah could see from the light on her phone that Emma has taken the call. Picturing her young, keen receptionist bursting at reception made Sarah smile and immediately think of Will. She wondered when he had last been for a wee, curious if he’d found the work toilets since she last spoke to him. She sent him a text.

‘Just thinking of you loads. So looking forward to tonight. By the way have you found where the toilets are at work yet? Don’t want you having another accident . Xxxx’

The light on her work phone was still alight meaning poor Emma was clearly caught up in a phone call still. There was something about knowing her lovely receptionist was really needing to pee that turned Sarah on. It also brought back so many memories of times with Will. Sarah beamed when Will replied.

‘Thinking of you too beautiful! Was also just thinking of the loo situation as started feeling need to go about an hour ago. Too much water today. If I get the time (and courage) I might try finding them this afternoon, otherwise I’ll be struggling by 6! Know I care about you my princess. See you in five hours. Xxx’

Finally the light went out on the office phone, indicating the line was free but seconds later Sarah’s door knocked and Emma appeared, very fidgety and flustered.

‘That was the agents, Sarah, about the building. Apparently they need to do some urgent maintenance the week after next so asking if we could close week beginning 6th March to let them get it all done. I said I’d need to speak to you.’

Emma paused to cross her legs very tightly.

‘Sorry still not been to loo. Can I tell you more in a minute. I really really need the bathroom!’

Sarah was so concerned about the implications for her business and clients she delayed Emma with her questions, albeit unintentionally.

‘So are they going to compensate us for our inconvenience? This isn’t good for business. Are we getting a week rent free? Did you ask?’

Emma was restless and agitated and bouncing on the balls of her feet. Still her loyalty to her employer meant she felt she could not be ignorant.

‘Yes. Week free rent and £250 compensation for breach of lease. Apparently it’s urgent fire safety or something they need to comply with some new laws.’

Emma bent over with her legs crossed.

‘Emma, sweetheart, could you inform the clients and reschedule them all ASAP. That’s just a fortnight away and it’ll mess up the momentum of therapy for so many. Sorry are you ok?’

Emma was almost in tears.

‘I’m just so desperate for the toilet. I’ll phone right after I pee. I’m so so sorry. I need to go now.’

Sarah watched as poor Emma looked as if she would flood her short skirt and tights then and there. The guilt that she had delayed her washed over her as well as embarrassment at the fact she was also aroused by her receptionists predicament. This wasn’t professional or right and Sarah decided she’d apologise to poor Emma before the day ended. For now she had soup to eat, emails to reply to and business to attend to. She crossed her legs at the ankles as she realised she should probably nip to the ladies soon herself too.

*144*2019-02-12 00:44

Will was so thrilled to have heard from Sarah though her comment about the work toilets only served to remind him of his own desire to go. Things were going smoothly at work, almost too smoothly, and Will was catching up on all the latest research in his field online while he monitored his latest computer program running its first live test. So far all was going fantastic and the sense of pride Will felt was tangible. He was a lone worker with high responsibility but with that came a good wage packet allowing him to lease a new car every three years and have a mortgage of his own. Independent meant so much to Will as he struggled to trust others. Sarah was the first woman to enter his life and that came with an uncertainty and anxiety to Will. Could he trust her? He wanted to so badly.

He made himself a coffee and ate his sandwich and apple he had brought in for lunch. Although it was chilly outside his office was stuffy and Will really wanted to stretch his legs for a bit. He would really benefit from emptying his bladder too but what if someone spoke to him, or even worse were in the gents when he went? That idea sent shivers through him so he went back to reading his research and sipped at his coffee to finish his lunch. Maybe if things stayed quiet he would try finding those toilets later.

Sarah saw her next client after lunch, a regular who was making great progress. It was just the tonic Sarah needed as they laughed together. The only thing making her feel uncomfortable was that laughing while needing to pee wasn’t ideal. Sarah sat through most of the session with her legs crossed and as Mrs Crosssbow left Sarah rushed next door to the ladies, finding herself reminiscing about the time, only 8 days ago when she had ran into the same ladies with Will and how he hadn’t been able to pee. Will came with lots of issues, that she was in no doubt of, but she was hardly issue free herself, and besides he was incredible in bed which lit her up like nothing else. She couldn’t wait to see him.

She returned to her office and filled her jug up with fresh water for the next client before drinking almost a glass herself, dry from all the earlier laughing and the salt from her soup. She checked to see if her client was in and when she was she called her in and focussed fully on supporting her.

Will found himself bouncing his leg as his bladder continued to fill steadily. It was now almost 3pm and he still hadn’t even found the courage to find the bathrooms let alone use them. Then again he’d been there over three years and hadn’t used them once so today was just normal. He was used to working nursing a full bladder and he drove home every night absolutely desperate to pee. But tonight he had a date and he didn’t want to spoil it by being bursting for the toilet! He was just about to pick up the courage to at least walk to the basement and look for the bathrooms when his computer flagged an issue. His live run on his latest computer programme was showing a fault so he opened a bottle of water to help him focus and settled down to find the problem.

An hour and forty five minutes later and Will had found the problem and solved it, for just now anyway. The issue now was his squirming which was distracting him so badly. One second he had his legs crossed only immediately to uncross and fan them in and out. He found himself holding himself under his desk too as his bladder sent powerful signals to release. He decided his date would be ruined if he pissed himself before it even started so he stood up and headed to the door to sneak out and see if he could find both the basement and the gents.

Oh he really needed to piss bad. He still had 45 minutes before leaving the office too. He stood at the door listening as he subtly pee danced and satisfied himself that the coast was clear. He slipped out the room, down the empty corridor and through the doors that lead to the staircase, the only time Will had used them previously was during his interview and initial tour. He hadn’t even recalled being shown the loos that day but he had been processing a huge amount of information so maybe he had.

As Sarah typed her notes from her penultimate client that day she sipped at a fresh mug of tea drinking it dry before calling her client in. This client was a massive character, having been referred via her majesty’s prison service and his choice language and streetwise body image could have made Sarah uncomfortable but she remained calm and the client was engaging so all was well. By the time she typed up his notes while sipping water, which she finished while with her last client, she was looking forward to her weekend off. She was ready for the break.

Will ran down two flights of stairs like he was a gymnast. While he didn’t leave his apartment after work he did have a treadmill and rowing machine at home and he exercised regularly. Besides he really wanted to pee! He came out on the ground floor as the lights turned on suddenly due to an automatic sensor. It was quiet and eerie but Will was more anxious about seeing anyone than the general atmosphere. He walked down the corridor looking for any signs of bathrooms when suddenly he heard two voices come from the stairwell. He was adjacent to a door marked kitchen so he pushed it open and hid inside while he waited for the voices to go. Hiding behind a door Will grabbed himself tight as another wave of desperation hit him. He so wanted to ask the male voices if they knew where the bathroom was but anxiety prevented him doing so. With his ear to the door he overheard the conversation as they walked along the corridor.

‘God I thought that meeting would never end! I seriously can’t wait to piss man!’

‘Yeah me too. I was holding myself under the desk I was so bursting. It’s crap we have to come all this way just to piss. Oh my God I so wanna pee!’

Will knew exactly how they felt. At least he knew the toilets were in this direction somewhere. He just needed to hold on until they had gone and walked back and then he could try finding the, himself. He just hoped they would be super quick because right now he longed to piss so bad he couldn’t stand still!

*147*2019-02-12 23:13

Wether it was nerves at the thought of meeting Will or the mug of tea and glasses of water she had drunk in the last few hours since her last bathroom visit, but as Sarah locked up, set the alarm and said goodnight to Emma, making sure to apologise to her for delaying her at lunch earlier, she realised she needed the toilet. Not too badly but enough that she thought she would go pretty soon when she got to the pub with Will because she wanted to enjoy their date and not been too uncomfortable.

She sent Will a text to say she was just leaving work, though she fully expected he may be driving now and unable to reply.

Will had his hand inside his trousers in the dimly lit kitchen squeezing himself like crazy to try and hold his pee in. Finally he heard the two male voices return and as their voices quietened he ventured out into the corridor again hobbling down the corridor looking for the gents. He finally found it and rushed in, adrenalin pumping throughout his body as he grabbed his phone and scanned through his photos for the picture of his toilet at home as he closed the cubicle behind himself. Will stood there, his arm shaking with anxiety as he held his phone in one hand and his penis in the other. He tried to picture himself at home so badly but his heart was beating so quickly and his back sweating that he struggled to even relax. He tried counting slowly, as Sarah had previously encouraged him to do as he took deep breaths to try and relax. 

A drip eventually fell into the toilet, though Will’s entire body was cursing with the desire to piss so badly and his bladder hurt. Slowly another spurt came but nothing long enough to make a real difference to his need. He’d been standing for several minutes when eventually a small trickle dribbled steadily but slowly only to come to a sudden abrupt halt as someone entered the gents and peed loudly in the urinal. Will was so frustrated at his inability to pee when anyone could hear. He was utterly fed up of his anxiety controlling his bodily needs and though he knew nothing more would come he stood holding his flaccid penis over the toilet until the other person had finished, left and had time to walk well away. Will was shaking with fear, and despite still needing to peel he’ll of a lot he decided he would head back to his office as quick as he could.

By the time he had made it back, slowed his breathing and had sipped some water to calm his nerves it was time to pack up for the weekend. Will read one final email from his line manager saying he hadn’t taken enough annual leave and to please take another five days before the end of the month before closing his computer, packing his mug, cleaning and turning off his computer and rushing out to his car. He hadn’t long set off when he heard his phone beep with a text. He so wanted to read it, every bit as much as he longed to urinate, but both would need to wait a bit longer.

Sarah found the drive to Will’s straightforward. The traffic was steady despite being rush hour on a Friday and the lights were mostly in her favour. Her bladder was sending vibes but she was in control and getting more and more excited about seeing Will. She couldn’t stop smiling.

Despite having let out a very small amount Will was every bit as desperate to pee as he was every other night on the drive home. Even the familiar voice of his sat nav could not calm him as he found himself getting more and more stressed at his inability to just be able to piss like everyone else. He felt stupid, angry, frustrated and incredibly uncomfortable as he rubbed himself at every chance he could. Somehow having had some release was actually worse than none at all. He found his eyes full of tears at his own predicament and despite really liking Sarah he was nervous at her seeing him like this, again. He wanted her to see him as strong, capable and sexy, not vulnerable, embarrassing and silly. This wasn’t how he wanted his first date to go.

Sarah pulled into the car park at Will’s apartment block facing the number 14 space. She’d got there before Will so she used her interior mirror to fix her hair and touch up her make up. She wasn’t someone to use many cosmetics but she wanted Will to see her at her best. Her urethra pushed against her underwear to remind her she should pee soon but The Starling was only seven minutes away and she would go there. Her heart skipped a beat as she saw Will’s car pull into the car park and park in front of her. As his lights and engine turned off and Will stood by his car to press the fob and lock it she could not help but get a shiver of passion throughout her body. Will was so handsome, so perfect, she longed to be with him. As he climbed into her passenger seat she ran her fingers over his moist red cheeks before embracing him in a deep passionate kiss.

Will squeezed his penis so tightly before getting out his car. His body knew this was him home and it responded by sending a sudden spurt of warm urine down the length of his dick. But seeing Sarah smiling in her car, so beautiful and adorable made him want her so much. He still couldn’t understand how such a sexy, stunning girl could like him but he wasn’t going to go without a fight. His bladder and penis screamed for his attention but nothing could pull him away from Sarah’s beauty. He strode towards her car quickly, his tears still on his cheek from the car journey. Suddenly Sarah touched his face, wiped his tears, and kissed him and nothing else in that moment mattered. Will ran his hands through Sarahs auburn hair as another tear fell down his face.

Sarah had so much compassion for Will, so much care and even love for him, though the latter was something she didn’t dare admit to herself quite yet. She sensed something wasn’t right with Will as she saw another tear fall from his glistening eyes. She held his hand in hers whilst gently pulling her mouth from his and held him gently and lovingly as she saw fear and embarrassment take hold of him.

Will sensed something truly awful was about to happen. His body was useless and he was unable to control himself. He’d never felt so ashamed of himself, so humiliated, since he was ten at school. He fully expected Sarah to disown him and rightly so.

While he had embraced and kissed Sarah he had slowly leaked urine into his work trousers, more than a little, though his bladder was still extremely full. The inside leg of his trousers had changed colour and as Sarah pulled away but held his hand tightly Will sat crying, his head down as a strong hissing sound broke the silence between them. Will sat there as his body failed him, his inability to control himself reinforcing his inner voice that told him he was a failure.

Sarah’s own face filled with tears now too. She felt so much for Will though seeing him in soaked clothing did turn her on. Above all else though she knew Will needed to know she still liked him, wanted him and respected him. She tried to tell him exactly that but found her actions said it much clearer as she pulled Will close and kissed him so deep she thought they would swallow each other. Meanwhile her hands stroked his wet legs as she felt for his penis to let it be known she still lusted after Will, even more so than ever.

Finally Sarah felt she could find the right words.

‘Sweetheart it’s ok. You go get showered and clean and then we can get some dinner. You know you are the sexiest, most handsome, most incredible man to ever exist. You know how much I adore watching you piss and you held all that in for hours and hours just to let me watch. That, Will Highland, makes me want to fuck you so bad.’

She wasn’t sure Will had deliberately held on all day for her but she wanted to boost his ego and it had made her ridiculously horny for Will, so intentional or not it had the same effect. As hungry as her stomach was for food it wasn’t a patch on how hungry her body was for Will’s right now.

*149*2019-02-14 09:28

{{On 2/13/2019 at 12:17 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was so good this story is super exciting and hot

}}

Thank you. Was worried people might be getting bored so glad to hear you are still reading and enjoying.

