A littel bit of a surprise

Author: Mrsonata

*000*2022-11-05 22:35

This story contains peeing from a female and a male. Some sex and naked peeing. And some wetting.

I just wanted to write an idea I had last night. My first straight couple story. And see if it could be a story. It did. But is it any good? You tell me.

My name is Jon. Me and Mia had been a couple a little more then a year. But this was the first summer that we lived together. We are lucky enough to have a nice house with our own pool. It's not big. But mostly it's just me and her in there. The neighbor couple are with us from time to time. Even when they are the pool is big enough. Inside the house we have a nice kitchen in a modern style. The fridge has ice-cube maker in the door. Perfect for the warm days when we feel for a cold drink. TV room with a surround system. We love movies and sometimes we sit on the sofa for six hours or more. All the time we hold each other. For me to watch a movie is good. But to cuddle with Mia is the best thing ever. We make food and goes to the toilet before we start the next movie. That's our way to avoid pausing. We also have two bathrooms. But only one of them has a shower.

We plan to put it another shower head so we can stand under the water at the same time. Now when we take a shower together. And yes it does happen that we have sex in there. But I think I can count the times that happened on one hand. We have to take turns under the water. But the best thing is to just stand there soaping each other up and hug each other a bit of course. And now when we just have one shower head we have to stand close. So I personally don't feel like we have to rush with the other one. The yard has only a couple of tress around the pool deck and a hedge al around the yard so we have some privacy. None of us like garden work and that's why it's simple to maintain.

Today we have been cleaning the house. It's a hot day but it had to be done. So when Mia cleaned the kitchen, I took the bigger bathroom. When we are done with them, al the other rooms are much easier. In no time everything will be nice and clean again. Not that it was a complete disaster, it never is. But it's always a great feeling when you have cleaned up. When I was done with the rooms Mia wanted me to clean I went in to the TV room where she was now sitting.

- Darling. How about we take I nice shower together tonight? I asked.

- You would like that. Wouldn't you?

- Of course I would. I mean we deserve a reward after everything we done today. And as a bonus I will see you naked. I said with a teasing smile.

- Aha. Maybe I should start to shower with my bikini on so you can't drool over my naked body anymore.

She gave me a teasing smile back when she said it and started to walk towards me. She kissed me and continued to walk in to the kitchen, opened the fridge door. Soon I heard her say something that I couldn't hear.

- What? Did you say something?

- Yeah. Well I was talking to myself really but just so you know we don't have anything to eat.

- Oh I see. If you just tell me what you want I will go to the store.

- Thanks darling. How about something a bit extra to celebrate a good job?

- Sure. How about I buy a nice steak and ingredients to make your special potato salad.

- You want me to make that after everything I have done today?

- Yes why not? You won't be the only one. I will need to but the steak on the grill.

I said with a smile and kissed her on the cheek before I went out the door. I don't mind going to the store. We both do it. But to be honest I'm the one who does it the most. Just because I love to do things for Mia when I know she had a rough day or if I just feel like doing something nice for her. When I got back home, the front door was looked. So now I knew Mia was in the backyard. And when I opened the door and put everything where it should be I walked to the backdoor and sure enough it was open. I went outside and saw Mia standing in front of the pool in her green bikini with her back to me.

She didn't notice I was back. I just stood there watching her, al 6 feet of her. She has the perfect body, normal build and 36D size breasts. Her brown shoulder long hair was glistering in the sunlight. Suddenly I saw something else glister. Her legs. I looked closer and that's when I could see her bikini bottoms was much darker between her legs. She was peeing. I continued to watch her stream until she was done. I smiled continuously the whole time. I started to walk closer to her when her stream started to decrease. Pee was still dripping from her when I slowly took my arms around her and gave her a hug from behind. She jumped a bit before she realized it was me.

- Oh. You scared me honey.

- I'm sorry babe. I just wanted to hug you. You know how much I love to stand behind you and hold my arms around you.

- Yes I do. How long have you been watching me?

- Not that long. I was watching you and was just about to walk closer when you started to pee. So I let you finish before I started to walk.

- I'm sorry you had to see that.

- Don't be. I don't mind. It was just a bit of a surprise.

- Please don't think I'm disgusting. I don't know what I was thinking.

- You have nothing to worry about. Nothing wrong with peeing in swimwear. They are meant to get wet and I think almost everyone has done it sometime in their life's.

- She turned around and gave me a big smile and started to kiss me.

- Thanks darling for being so understanding. You said you think most people had done it. So have you?

- Of course I have. Lots of times when I grow up.

- How about in your adult life?

- Yes I have. I have done it at least once every summer. When we started to date each other I had to hide it. Just like you I didn't want you to think I'm disgusting.

She smiled and started to kiss me again. I hugged her and soon I felt her hands move around my back. So I took one of my hands and started to move it down to her panties. Soon I felt the wetness between her legs. And I'm pretty sure it wasn't just pee either. She started to moan more and more. Just when I thought she was close to orgasm, she took a step back.

- How about we continue this in the bed later?

- I would love that. Will your panties be just as wet?

- Maybe they will. She said teasing me.

- With pee? I said with a smile and gave her another kiss.

Mia just smiled back at me and turned around so she could jump in to the pool. I smacked her ass just when she jumped. When she surfaced again she turned towards me and winked. While she was swimming I started the grill. While I waited for the right temperature I watched Mia in the pool.

- Okay babe. I think you have to come up now and start with the salad.

- I think your right.

Mia started to climb up the pool ladder. When she was up she walked towards me, before she kissed me. She took a couple of steps away from me, smiled and gave me wink before she looked down on her feet. I followed her gaze and it was easy to see that she was peeing again. Not that much this time but it was enough to see. When she was done she laughed before she went inside. Damn I really love that girl.

We didn't talk about her wettings. We just enjoyed the food. But I can't lie. I did think about it a lot, and was really looking forward to be in bed with Mia.

- When we were done eating. We watched some TV when Mia gave me another surprise.

- Hey. How about we take a shower together before bed? It will be a nice foreplay don't you think?

- That's a great idea. I love you.

- I love you too.

She gave me a kiss, took my hand and started to lead me to the shower. We undressed each other between kisses. Soon we were naked and got in the shower where the kissing continued. Mia took one of her hand down to my cock while she started the shower with the other. There we were, under the water caressing each other. When I felt Mia's hand touch my cock more often. I decided it was time for me to touch her pussy. Soon she moaned again, this time I hoped she would have a orgasm. But once again she stopped kissing me and took her hands away from me.

- Darling this is amazing. But I was so in the moment that I forgot to pee.

- But we are in the shower. Just pee. I honestly don't know why we never peed in the shower together before.

- Your right. It's weird we never done it. So it's time for that to change.

Mia had just finished her sentence when her pee started to flow. It was the sexiest thing I ever seen. I never thought that a peeing girl could be so sexy. I could hear the hiss from her and I don't think I ever been so hard before in my whole life. I just had to put my hand over her peeing pussy before it was to late. She didn't stop me. So I pulled her closer, caressing her pussy and feeling the pee between my fingers. I kissed her at the same time. This was like a dream. I loved every second of it.

I feel I needed to pee to so I just let it out. Mia stopped kissing me when she realized I was peeing too know. I saw the desire in her eyes before she started to kiss me again and directed my stream to her stomach. Even when we were done peeing we continued to kiss and caressing each other again. Neither of us came in the shower. We wanted to save that to the bed this time. As soon as we were in bed, Mia was on top of me. It was the best sex we had for a long time. We both came hard. Mia first and hearing her made it for me. Afterwards we just laid there looking at the ceiling.

- Wow that was amazing. Mia said between deep breaths.

- It really was. This has been a perfect day.

- Do you think the sex was so great just because we peed together?

- I don't know. But it's easy to test. We just do it again tomorrow.

- You want to do it again? Did you like it that much?

- I really did. It was one of the sexiest things I ever seen when you peed through your bikini.

Glad it turned you on. It turned me on too. It never done anything for me before. But I guess it did just because you saw me and all the kisses that fallowed.

- This is great. We have found something that turns us both on. Now how about some cuddling?

- I would love that.

It really was wonderful day and it wasn't over yet. I soon moved my hand down to Mia's panties. I moved it around on top of them for I while. Soon I felt they got more and more wet.

- Oh honey. Are you turned on again already?

- I am. And it's really weird. I was just thinking about the peeing we did while you touched me.

- I'm so happy we did it. I love to see you turned on.

- Well I think you will see me like this a lot for a while.

- Great, now let me make you have another orgasm before we sleep.

- I would love that. But first I have to pee first.

- Again? Your bladder seems to fill up a lot faster today.

- I guess it's because I drank a lot while your where in the store.

- Oh I see. Well I know this will sound a bit weird. But I think you should just let it go right here in bed.

- What? I can't do that. We can't sleep in a wet bed.

- We don't know that. We have never tried. I promise I do the laundry tomorrow if you do.

- Well I won't do it anyway. That's one step to far.

- Okay honey. How about you just stand beside the bed and wet yourself on the carpet then?

- That I can do. I really need to go and would probably wet myself anyway on the way to the bathroom.

So here I was. Lying in bed and watching my love standing just beside it, getting ready to wet her panties. I heard I sigh and soon pee was coming out of her like a waterfall. It was great. I started to get hard again. And then I saw Mia's big smile and closed eyes. She loved this and so did I. When she was done she started to climb back to bed.

- Ahhh that felt great. Thank you for letting me go on the carpet.

- Your welcome. I loved it. And now you know if you wake up in the middle of the night and have to pee. You can just stand on the carpet and do it again.

- Well you know I hardly never need to go over the night. But this night I hope I will. I want to do it again.

- I love that this has become a thing for you. And I love you.

- I love you too and that you also like this pee thing we started.

- I gave her a goodnight kiss and touched her panties for a last time.

We both slept for longer than usual. And when we woke up, we looked at each other and smiled. Then we started to get closer to each other and started to cuddle. With the memory of yesterday in our minds we started to get in the mood early. We kissed and touched each other like crazy. Suddenly my hand that was on her panties got really wet and warm. I looked Mia in the eyes and I must have looked surprised, because she gave me a naughty smile.

- Well you told me to wet the bed yesterday. And now we not going to sleep in it for in a while. I thought why not?

- Wow you are really peeing. I can feel it. It feels nice.

- It feels great for me. It's such a nice feeling to let it go like this.

- Well if it's really that great. Maybe you will do it again next time we are changing the bedding?

- I probably will.

When I heard that I just had to try it myself. So while I kept my hand on Mia's panties and felt the pee coming out of her I let go too. It didn't take long before she knew what I did. She gave me a big smile and put her hand inside my underwear. We both moaned while we peed and touched each other. When our bladders was empty we started to kiss. And soon we were having sex right there in our pee. We both climaxed faster than we ever done before when we had morning sex. We caught our breath for a while before we got up and started to do breakfast. We ate it in silence. I was sitting at the table while Mia was putting the dishes in the dishwasher. She closed it and turned around, looked at me and smiled. I couldn't stop myself from smiling back. And that's when I saw it. Mia started to wet herself. She just stood there letting the pee go down her legs down to the floor.

- I know I can't wet myself everywhere. But I was going to mop the floor anyway so I just took the chance to enjoy myself. Do you mind?

- Of course not. You know I love this. To see you just let it go like that is so hot.

- Thanks honey.

She really had to go. Much more than I thought she would. The puddle grew and the hiss was filling the kitchen. It must be a lovely feeling for her to be free like this. At last her stream started to calm down, until it stopped.

- I loved that. Did I shock you when I just started to wet myself like that?

- No. It was just a little bit of a surprise.

