Surprise Date!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-01-07 11:53

There was a very attractive and handsome boy in a college.

Nearly all girls liked him and many of them wanted a date with him and some a little bit more , but he was not the kind of guy who collected girls like trophies.

He was a sporty type, he made athletic sports and spent a lot of time with sport and training.

Occasionally he went out with a girl to the cinema, for a dinner, or to a disco.

More and more he noticed at his trainings that he was attracted of boys as well. Their slim athletic bodies were always very arousing for him, but until now he had never sex with one of the boys.

As well the boys as the girls were young at that time, but they were all older than 18 years.

At the college were girls as well in athletics sports and one of the girls went in his class.

She did like this boy as well very much and and would give so much for a date with him, but she thought that she would never get a chance for a date, because she had not large breasts, curvy hips and a big ass, as many boys like that.

She was thin and skinny.

Once they talked about a international athletic sport event and the guy- Mike- was his name, told her that he would go there for one day to watch it.

”That is great.” said the girl with enthusiasm.

Mike offered her to come with him. For the girl was the imagination to spend one day with her dream boy like it was Christmas.

At that special day he picked her up in the morning and they had to go about one and a half hours with his car.

The girl was sitting beside him and her super slim body was turning him on very much.

Her body was sporty and slim like the bodies of the boys in his athletic club which are erotic for him as well.

He loves the same type of bodies, girls and boys, maybe that this is the reason why he is bisexual.

The girl did wear only a short summer dress and did show him a lot of her slim, naked legs.

They spent a great day together and talked about many inside knowing regarding athletic sports.

Early at evening they left the stadium.

On the way home was the girl sometimes rubbing her knees like she was needing to the toilet.

Mike noticed that and asked her “ are you needing to wee? You have not been at the toilet even once the entire day?” he asked.

The girl was really needing to pee already pretty urgent, but she didn’t go to the toilet because she didn’t want to be weak and maybe she wanted to impress the boy with her bladder control and her good holding performance.

”Yes i need to wee, but i can hold it until i am at home.” answered the girl.

Mike was turned on very much about this and asked “ why didn’t you go leastwise before we went to the car?”

”To wait until at home is for me a kind of self imposed self restraint. When we have our sport competitions at evening i am doing it sometimes with my bladder full from the day.

That can get very hard to run and to jump when the bladder is very full, but sometimes it can even increase my performance.

At outward contests they take us with a bus to the competitions and after that they bring us back home to our college, that can last much longer than one hour, but i don’t even then go to the toilet before leaving, i am always waiting until at home.

I am pretty good in pee holding! I think if that would be an Olympic discipline, i would would be able to make the gold medal.” said the girl and smiled.

The girl couldn’t know that Mike could nothing turn on than a girl or a boy who is needing to pee extreme urgent.

He did know now that she would hold her wee until she would be at home and he wanted to expand her holding time and his joy to watch her holding, therefore he invited her for something to eat and to drink to McDonald’s.

The girl was happy about the invitation and about to spend more time with Mike this way. And Mike was happy and aroused as well to spend more time with a girl who is holding a bladder full from more than 14 hours inside her sexy, sporty, thin body.

He was generous and ordered the best what McDonald’s offered and especially a large drink for the girl.

The girl drunk it and didn’t use the toilet before leaving.

Mike couldn’t believe that a girl who had her bladder so very full, a girl who was needing to wee so urgent, didn’t go to the toilet.

It was exciting and arousing for him and it made him very horny.

The girl was sitting again beside him, she had her sexy, slim thighs pressed together and was rubbing her knees.

”Stop rubbing your sexy, bony knees, you driving me crazy if you are doing that.

“I usually don’t make any compliments, but i have to say it, you are for me the prettiest and sexiest girl in the whole college and you can’t imagine how much it turns me on that you have not been at the toilet for the entire day.” said Mike.

”Thank you for your compliment, that means a lot for me. You make me so happy.I always thought that i am too skinny to be sexy.” answered the girl.

”No absolutely no, you are not too skinny, your body is gorgeous and sexy and your bladder is sexy and great as well.” said Mike full of horniness.

The girl was so happy that Mike liked her, that her body was sexy for him and that she was able to turn him on with her strong bladder and her holding performance.

After a while she was rubbing her knees again and said “sorry but i have to do that, i am needing to wee very, very bad . The large drink at McDonald’s is a challenge for my bladder,”

”How much longer would you be able to hold it? Have you ever tested your absolutely limit?”asked the boy.

”Some hours longer would be possible, i think and no i have not tested my absolutely limit, but i think sometimes i was close to my limit.”answered the girl.

In between they were at the girls home. He kissed her at her cheek and thanked for the great day. He asked if she would like to go to the cinema with him at next Saturday.

The girl was in heaven and agreed at the same moment.

”Do we have a date now she asked and smiled sheepishly and kissed him back on his cheek.

”If you want to call it date, then yes we have a date.” said Mike and kissed her again, but this time on her mouth.

” I can’t wait until Saturday!! I will not go to the toilet all day before we meet, i will hold it for you on our first date as long as possible!! Would you like that?” asked the girl.

”I would love it!!!! answered Mike and kiss her long and intense on her mouth.

