Detection - Page 2

Author: Maya

*025*2021-08-29 20:17

As promised. This chapter has (along with the usual) heterosexual sex. Please let me know what you think.

Chapter 10

Hmm…..all out, Maribel thought, as her hand touched the bottom of the popcorn bucket. Although she and her date, Luke, had shared a large popcorn, along with an equally atrociously huge soda, both were empty an hour and a half into the movie. Which meant, of course, that Maribel was feeling decidedly….not empty.

“Hey, hitting the men’s room,” Luke whispered in Maribel’s ear as he stood up and headed out of the theater.

Damn that popcorn, Maribel thought. After her sports bottle had been confiscated due to theater policy – something about people stealing soda from the self-serve machines – Maribel had planned to avoid liquids. But the popcorn was so salty, and the distraction of the movie made it easy to just keep sipping.

And now, here she was stuck at the movie theater with a really cute guy she wanted to impress and an urge to pee she couldn’t do anything about.

It’s not so bad, Maribel told herself. I’ll get the bottle back after the movie is done – they have to give it back once we’re leaving the theater. She crossed her legs and focused on the movie.

Soon, Luke returned to his seat and continued watching the movie with Maribel.

“Is it okay if I put my arm around you?” he whispered.

“Sure,” Maribel whispered back, her blushing cheeks invisible in the dark theater.

As Maribel continued watching the movie, her petite frame nestled in Luke’s arm, the soda she’d drank continued running through her, steadily – relentlessly – filling her bladder. Maribel found herself tapping her feet, shifting her hips and repeatedly crossing and uncrossing her legs as the pressure inside her intensified.

I can wait, she kept thinking. I can wait until after the movie.

As soon as the credits began to roll, Maribel stood up and immediately pressed her legs together.

I…..I really need to fucking pee……

She tried not to hurry out of the theater too quickly, wanting to maintain her composure in front of Luke. Luke was close behind her.

Maribel flagged down a teenage theater employee sweeping the floor in the hallway. “Hey, where can I get something I was told to pick up on my way out?”

“Customer service….” he said, sounding bored.

But as Maribel approached the darkened customer service desk, her heart sank as she read the sign: “Customer Service Hours: 10am – 10pm”. It was 10:30pm.

FUCK FUCK FUCK!!!!

“Hey, you can always pick it up tomorrow, right?” said Luke. “I’m sure they’ll keep it safe.”

“Yeah,” said Maribel. “It’s just annoying is all,” she lied, shifting her weight from foot to foot.

They’re keeping my damned water bottle safe and sound and meanwhile I have nowhere to pee!!!

“One last trip to the men’s room before we leave, okay? Feel free to hit up the ladies,” said Luke as he headed off.

Last Saturday I could have gone to the ladies’ room without even thinking about it, Maribel thought wistfully. I could just sit and….

Maribel’s bladder spasmed at the thought, and she squirmed, pressing her legs tighter together. Last Saturday was before, and this Saturday was now. The detection toilets left her no choice. Maribel simply had to hold it. She focused on steadying her breathing.

Luke was back, and he smiled.

Of course he’s smiling, Maribel thought. He got to pee twice and I….can’t.

They headed back to Luke’s car and began the drive home. Maribel tried to engage in small talk, but it was becoming impossible to concentrate. The urge that had started as a low hum in the back of her mind had become a thunderous roar. Maribel rubbed her thighs together rapidly.

I hope Luke doesn’t notice, Maribel thought. Here I am, an adult professional woman, doing the pee-pee dance like a toddler in front of my date! It’s fucking embarrassing.

“So,” Luke said slowly, taking a breath. “I could drive you home. And if you want me to, I will. But I want you to know that I think you’re gorgeous. And I’d love for you to stay at my place tonight.”

Maribel hesitated for a moment, and then said “Yes”.

It was a curious thing. The need to pee should have been the only urge on Maribel’s mind. But she felt an undeniable, magnetic pull toward Luke. With the gentlemanly but clear invitation for sex came the realization that Maribel’s bladder wasn’t the only thing between her legs that needed attention.

As soon as they entered Luke’s apartment, Luke pressed Maribel against the door, kissing her. Maribel kissed back, crossing her legs and squirming her hips to hold back the flood inside her. She wanted to make a beeline for the bathroom, but kissing felt nice and she could wait another minute, surely.

“I know your secret….” Luke whispered.

Maribel’s eyes widened, and for a moment she forgot to tighten her muscles as tightly as she needed to. She almost squeaked as a few drops of pee leaked into her panties.

He knows! He’s going to tell!

“Yeah, it’s not hard to tell,” Luke continued, kissing Maribel’s neck. “You had every opportunity to pee at the theater, but you held it anyway. Even though you easily drank as much soda as I did.”

Maribel trembled a little and bit her lip as she fought to maintain control of her bladder.

“So,” Luke continued, his voice a low purr. “There’s really only one explanation. You like it. You like how it feels when you fill yourself up to bursting. You like to squirm and hold it back. And….I think that’s sexy as fuck.”

“Mmmm….” Maribel half-moaned, partly with arousal and partly from the effort of resisting nearly overwhelming urge to pee. “I….do enjoy it, but I don’t know how much longer I can hold it. I better go pee.”

She pulled away from Luke, eyes darting around in search of a bathroom.

“C’mon,” Luke smiled. “You can hold it. I bet you can.”

He took off his shirt and raised an eyebrow.

Unable to resist the challenge and the way Luke’s body looked in the low light, Maribel kissed Luke. She was openly holding herself now, hand wedged firmly against her pussy.

“Hmm……more comfortable if you sit, don’t you think,” Luke said as he led Maribel to a large, black leather sofa.

Once Maribel was seated, Luke gently raised her lacy, ivory colored dress to her waist and removed her white, bikini style panties, with the wet spot in the center of the gusset.

“Let me help you with that,” Luke said as he knelt down and gently pried Maribel’s hand away from her crotch.

Maribel’s heart pounded, her overstretched bladder screamed and her pussy throbbed and tingled.

“Ohhhhhh”, she moaned as Luke began licking her, slick, sensitive clitoris. The tension and fullness of her bladder made everything feel a thousand times more intense.

Maribel quivered as he licked, faster and faster, around and around until……”OOOOOOOOOHHHHHH!!!!!” her eyes rolled back and she screamed in ecstasy. And her bladder released, soaking Luke’s face in a hot, yellow flood of piss.

“I……I can’t…I can’t stop…..”

Luke undid his belt and pulled Maribel close. She could feel his hard dick against her still throbbing, pissing pussy.

“Do it,” Maribel said breathlessly, as her pee trickled to a halt.

“Do you want me to fuck you?”

“Please….please fuck me……”

With a single thrust, Luke was inside. Maribel’s pussy was so tight and wet from holding her bladder for so long, and her thighs were slick with pee. As Luke thrusted his hips faster, driving his cock deeper insider Maribel, he could feel her squeezing rhythmically.

“Mmmm…..I’m gonna cum again…..”

Maribel hips bucked and her pussy tightened even harder around Luke as her second orgasm took over.

Waves of orgasmic pleasure gripped Luke as he joined Maribel, his cock pulsing and spurting inside her.

Afterward, they cuddled together on the couch for a while.

“You know,” Luke said quietly, with Maribel’s face on his chest. “I know there’s another reason you could have been holding your pee tonight.”

Maribel stayed silent.

“And….if you were holding your pee for that….other reason I want you to know you could tell me. I think the detection toilets are bullshit, and I think something needs to be done about them.”

*027*2021-08-30 02:00

{{40 minutes ago, Bismiris said:

Yoooooooooo!

Is this the heist Part of the story, where they assemble a crew to take down the bad guys? Is this going to be an omo Fast and the Furious franchise?

}}

Ha - if it were there would be some accidents along the way and not the car crash variety....

But in all seriousness, if I continue I'll need some time to map out the story. I'll work on that and report back, but no promises for now. This is a reasonable, hopeful place to leave off.

By the way, the story comes in at roughly 10,700 words so far. Not bad for roughly two weeks if I may say so myself.

*033*2021-12-12 05:27

Sorry for the delayed response - I'm glad people are still reading the story! I know there are a lot of individual scenarios I could go with, but I really want to have a well thought out end game. In the last few months I've mapped a few things out but I'd prefer to under-promise and over-deliver than the reverse. I really appreciate the feedback and the ideas! Now that I've done a bunch of behind the scenes groundwork, I'm going to work on Chapter 11 tomorrow - if all goes well I'll have another post up. Thanks again for all the support!

