Damp Intrigues

Author: Marco

*000*2025-08-15 22:31

This story was originally written by me in Italian—the only language I truly know—then translated into English using DeepSeek. I hope the result reads smoothly; if not, my apologies in advance. Below is the first part.

Damp Intrigues

1.

Laura Rossi stepped into the small FBI field office in a North Dakota town. It was her first time visiting this state bordering Canada. Truth be told, she wasn’t loving it much. Maybe it was her half-Italian roots, but the cold here felt unbearable.

She pulled her coat tighter and glanced around. The space was cramped—more like a convenience store than a federal office. The mental comparison to the J. Edgar Hoover Building made her smirk. To her right, three desks were crammed together. She approached.

She recognized her immediately: a young Sino-American woman with slightly almond-shaped eyes and dark brown hair. Just as they’d described her. "You must be Special Agent Jenny Kim. Pleasure—I’m Laura Rossi, Senior Special Agent." Laura extended her hand.

Jenny Kim took it, grip firm, her expression cool and guarded. "In the flesh," she replied curtly, giving Laura a quick once-over. "Senior Special Agent, huh? Impressive."

Laura smiled. "Oh, I’m not here to impress. Let’s just say I’ve got some experience, and rumor has it I’m good at my job. But… can we talk?"

Jenny’s expression softened slightly at Laura’s smile. "Sure. Let’s talk." She gestured to a tiny break area. "At least there, you won’t have to stand."

Laura sat, waited for Jenny to do the same, then began. "I’ll cut to the chase. I’m here for you. The Deputy Director wants me to oversee your handling of the Madison case. That kid they pulled out of the river—"

Jenny’s face darkened at the mention of the case, her usual frostiness turning to ice. She leaned back in her chair, arms crossed. "I don’t need oversight. I can handle this alone," she said, tone leaving no room for debate. "Three years in, I know what I’m doing. And I don’t like being babysat."

Laura exhaled, dialing up the diplomacy. "I get it. Honestly? I’d react the same way. But here’s the thing—I’ve read every file you uploaded. Nothing you’ve done so far raises flags."

Jenny arched a brow, leaning forward slightly. Still wary, but less hostile. "Well, that’s reassuring. But I still don’t get why the Deputy Director thinks I need supervision."

"Truth? I don’t either. Something about this case has HQ spooked. So here’s the deal: give me seven days of playing nice, I’ll file my report, and you’re free."

Jenny weighed it. On one hand, she hated oversight—especially from a stranger. On the other, if it meant ditching this babysitter fast… "One week," she finally said. "And you keep the ‘supervising’ to a minimum?"

Laura studied her, impressed by her steel. "I won’t take over. But I’ll shadow you—every step. Annoying? Maybe. But FYI, HQ doesn’t take kindly to agents who refuse oversight. And you’ve got a long career ahead."

Jenny sighed through her nose. "Fine. But stay out of my way. If I want input, I’ll ask."

Laura chuckled. "Relax. You’re not my first prickly supervisee. You might even learn something."

Jenny rolled her eyes. "Oh, I’m sure you’re a font of investigative wisdom. But don’t flatter yourself—I doubt I’ll learn a thing."

Laura let it slide. "Recap: A fisherman found James Madison’s body at dawn, one week ago. You responded. Your report notes the river was too shallow for drowning, plus ligature marks. Victim was 20, worked at a sporting goods store. Accurate so far?"

Jenny nodded. "COD’s still pending, but the marks suggest homicide."

Laura smiled. For all her arrogance, Jenny was striking. But that wasn’t the topic. "No solid leads yet. So—what was your next move before I showed up?"

Jenny hesitated. *"I’ve interviewed friends and coworkers. Dead ends. But one thing stood out: Two days before he died, Madison dropped $2K on high-end camping gear—tent, sleeping bag, portable stove. Weird for a minimum-wage kid."*

"What’d he buy?"

"Top-tier survival stuff. Cashiers said he seemed jumpy. They assumed gifts, but he had no family, no girlfriend. Doesn’t add up."

Laura’s instincts hummed. But she wanted Jenny to connect the dots. "Think: If someone buys full camping rigs but isn’t planning a vacation… what’s the play?"

"He was prepping to disappear?" Jenny’s eyes widened slightly as it clicked.

"Bingo. Scared enough to ghost. Pure theory, but…" Laura shifted gears. "Jenny, wanna grab a beer? Less institutional setting. We could… get to know each other."

Jenny hesitated. Lone wolf instincts warred with the appeal of unwinding. She huffed. "One beer. No personal questions."

Laura hid a smile. She recognized Jenny’s younger self in that defiance—all edges, no softness. Time had sanded Laura’s own sharp corners.

"You’re 26, right?" Laura asked once they’d settled at the pub.

Jenny’s guard shot up. "Yeah. And?"

"Three years with the Bureau." Laura grinned. "Relax. You’re tenser than a murder suspect in interrogation."

Jenny snorted, equal parts annoyed and amused. "I don’t need to relax. I’ve got work to do. And I’m damn good at it—without distractions." She took a swig, ignoring the vulnerability creeping in.

"No one’s doubting that. Just making conversation. So—weirdest case in those three years?"

Jenny’s shoulders loosened. "Fine. Six months back, we had a string of cat-nappings in some sleepy suburb. Total X-Files vibe—pets vanishing at night. Turned out to be a teen obsessed with starting a ‘cat ranch’ in his garage."

Laura burst out laughing. "Not bad!" She leaned in. "Your turn. Ask me anything."

Jenny smirked. "Since you’re so nosy… Ever been in love?"

Laura blinked, then laughed. "Thought we said no personal questions! But yes. With a woman, if you must know. Not currently, though."

Jenny took a slow sip, eyebrows lifting. "Huh. Didn’t see that coming."

"Shocking?"

"No, just…" Jenny fumbled, beer lowering her filters. "I pegged you as a workaholic. Hookups, no strings."

"That was me ten years ago. Found balance since." Laura drank. "My turn. Most embarrassing FBI moment?"

Jenny flushed, laughing into her beer. "Undercover as a waitress. Dress was two sizes too small, and of course the strap snapped mid-op."

Laura’s gaze flicked over her. "I’m sure someone enjoyed the show."

"Ugh!" Jenny groaned, but her lips twitched. "My partner’s face was priceless. He’d only ever seen me in pantsuits, and suddenly—" She mimed a strap breaking.

"Want to hear mine?"

(To be continued...)

*001*2025-08-16 17:34

Part 2 Jenny nodded, intrigued. She was starting to appreciate the lighter tone of the conversation. "Sure, why not? Go ahead!"

"Back then, I was working in New York. We’d been tracking a major drug trafficker for months—knew a lot about him but didn’t have the smoking gun. Then, we got a tip: a deal was going down one night at a warehouse. Perfect chance to catch him red-handed. So, we set up a four-agent surveillance team, working in shifts. Follow me so far?"

Jenny nodded. "Loud and clear. Go on…"

"My shift was first: 6 PM to midnight. After that, I’d head back to the office to monitor things remotely. So there I am, parked in my car, staking out this damn warehouse. Nothing happens during my shift—no surprise, since we figured the deal would go down after midnight. But we started early just in case. Make sense?"

"Early surveillance for safety. Got it," Jenny said.

"Midnight rolls around. I’ve been in that godforsaken car for six hours, fueled by enough coffee to electrocute a horse. And now? I really need to pee. Badly. But my relief should’ve been there any minute… or so I thought."

Jenny couldn’t help but chuckle, already picturing the disaster. "I’m almost scared to hear the rest."

"That night, out of nowhere, the George Floyd protests flared up again—riots in Manhattan and the Bronx. Every available agent got diverted. No backup for me. My supervisor wanted to abort the op. But after months of work? I wasn’t about to let my bladder blow the case!"

Jenny winced in sympathy. "So you stayed."

"Damn right. But the pee situation? From ‘urgent’ to ‘critical’ real fast." Laura smirked. "At first, though? Kinda… nice. You know how a full bladder presses on your—"

"—Yeah, I know," Jenny cut in, cheeks flushing. "But holding it for hours? Brutal."

"At 2 AM, a truck and SUVs finally roll in. Our guy’s there, exchanging drugs for cash—right in front of me. I snap photos like it’s a damn wedding. Got the proof we needed. Then the adrenaline wears off, and my bladder goes nuclear. I start driving back but…" She mimed an explosion. "First red light? Pssssssss."

Jenny lost it, doubling over. "You—you pissed yourself at a stoplight?!"

Laura grinned. "Like a toddler. But hey—promotion afterward! The Deputy Director said, ‘Brilliant work, Rossi. Here’s your raise. Now pay for the car detailing.’"

Jenny wiped her eyes, still laughing. "At least he had a sense of humor."

The tension between them had evaporated. "Moral of the story?" Laura deadpanned. "Bladder endurance is an FBI core skill."

Jenny played along. "Duly noted for my next stakeout."

Laura finished her beer. "Back to Madison. If he wanted to disappear, why was he so scared?"

Jenny frowned. "People don’t vanish without a damn good reason. We need to find his."

"Let’s re-interview his coworkers with that angle," Laura said, standing. "But first—bathroom. Beer’s a diuretic, and we’ve learned our lesson."

Sporting Goods Store – 11 AM The two clerks—John and Emily—greeted Jenny warmly. "Still shaken about James," John said. "How can we help?"

"Was he acting oddly before he vanished?" Jenny asked.

Emily hesitated. "He got jumpy after talking to that other fed… about three weeks ago?"

Laura and Jenny exchanged glances. No report mentioned FBI contact.

"Describe him," Jenny pressed.

"Short, skinny… weird little mustache. Looked more like a crook than a fed."

Outside, Laura gripped Jenny’s arm. "Swear to me you didn’t know about this."

"I swear," Jenny hissed.

"Who fits that description here?"

Jenny’s stomach dropped. "José Davis. Late 50s, joined the Bureau six years ago. Lone wolf type. Bad reputation."

Laura’s eyes lit up. "Now I get why HQ sent me. This isn’t about you—it’s about him."

Jenny scoffed. "Gee, thanks for the vote of confidence."

"You’re solid, Kim. But if Davis is dirty…"

"Then why’s Madison dead?" Jenny murmured.

Laura’s grin turned razor-sharp. "Let’s go ask him."

(To be continued...)

*002*2025-08-17 01:20

Chapter 3 "Dear Jenny, have you ever... tailed a colleague of yours?"

Jenny's eyes widened. "Of course not. Why are you asking me this?"

"Because that's exactly what we're going to do. We're going to tail this Special Agent José Davis. But first I need to make a phone call." Laura got out of the car, closing the door. She spoke on her cell phone for a few minutes, then got back in.

Jenny, who was in the driver's seat, turned to Laura with a curious look. "Well, explain. Who were you talking to on the phone? And why are we planning to tail this Agent Davis? I hope you know what you're doing."

"I know what I'm doing and regarding the phone call..." - Laura gave a little smile - "...you're still too young to know everything."

"But I'm not too young to tell you to go fuck yourself," Jenny said with an exasperated snort.

Laura laughed. "Alright, fine: I was on the phone with the Vice President. But the content of the conversation is classified for now. Now listen to what you need to do: you'll call someone at the office and with some excuse, get them to tell you where Davis is and what he's doing. You can even use your charm, if necessary."

"My 'charm,' huh? I'll take that as a compliment, but I doubt I'll need to use it." She picked up the phone and started dialing a number. After a brief exchange with someone from the office, she hung up and turned to Laura. "Well... I have his current location. He's currently at a bar near the church. According to the agent I spoke with, he goes there often, even during work hours."

"Then let's go there and park outside the bar, where we can see him without being seen, like a good agent knows how to do for a stakeout."

Jenny shot a sideways glance at Laura. "Yes, I know how to handle a 'surveillance operation,' as they say in the trade." She pulled the car over to a discreet spot outside the bar.

Laura turned to look at her, with a genuine smile: "Jenny, I'm sometimes a bit ironic, it's my way, but I really think you're a good agent."

Jenny snorted, trying to maintain her tough demeanor. "Yeah, well, I guess I should thank you. For the compliment, not for the constant teasing." She paused, then added with a hint of sarcasm: "You know, for a moment I almost thought you were developing some real human emotions."

Laura blushed, even though she wouldn't have wanted to. "Ehm... this isn't the time to talk about emotions. Let's focus on observing Davis."

Jenny noticed the slight blush on Laura's cheeks and a small smile appeared on her face. "Alright, alright, let's get back on track." She leaned back against the seat, her eyes fixed on the bar entrance. "Let's see what our favorite special agent is up to."

Two hours later, Davis was still inside the bar. Laura and Jenny could glimpse him through the window. He was sitting at a table and occasionally ordered something to drink. So far it seemed he hadn't spoken to anyone.

Jenny needed to pee. Even though she had gone to the bathroom before leaving the pub, the beer was again taking effect on her bladder. She certainly couldn't enter the bar to use the bathroom, because Davis would recognize her and become suspicious. She was a bit embarrassed to confess her situation to Laura, but the urgency was increasing. She fidgeted a bit in her seat, then glanced at her colleague. "Laura," she began, with a hesitant voice. "I, ehm, desperately need to go to the bathroom."

Laura gave a little smile. "Oh, I've been through this situation before, except I was the protagonist!" She was referring to the episode she herself had told Jenny about while they were at the pub.

Jenny hadn't forgotten the story Laura had told. "Yes, yes, I remember and I wouldn't want to end up the same way," she muttered, continuing to move uncomfortably. "Seriously, I really need to go."

"Alright, let's interrupt the observation. We'll resume tomorrow..."

Just then Davis came out of the bar at a brisk pace and got in his car.

The heart of Jenny jumped. "Hey, wait a minute. He's leaving," she blurted out, her eyes fixed on the car moving away from the curb. "Shouldn't we follow him?"

"Yes, we really should follow him... but are you sure you can manage?"

Jenny's need to pee was becoming more and more intense, but her determination and sense of duty prevailed over the discomfort. "I'll be fine," she replied, gritting her teeth. "We have to follow him. I can hold on a little longer."

Laura looked at Jenny with admiration. "Then go, stay behind him! As usual, neither too close nor too far, but I don't need to teach you that."

Jenny nodded, trying not to think about the urgency to go to the bathroom. She put the car in gear and took to the road, making sure to maintain a reasonable distance from Davis's car.

"It looks like he's heading toward the train station," Laura noted. "What the hell is he going there for?" She quickly consulted the internet, using her cell phone. "The Empire Builder arrives in twenty minutes, the train from Chicago, which leaves immediately for Seattle. There are no other trains until tomorrow."

Jenny glanced at the clock on the dashboard, noting the time: one-forty PM. "It seems strange that Davis would want to leave, I don't think he requested time off..." She bit her lip, her gaze fixed on the federal agent's car.

"Maybe he's waiting for someone arriving by train, let's see."

Davis parked outside the station and Jenny stopped at a certain distance. Her bladder was protesting vigorously, but the young agent was too focused on surveilling Davis to deal with it.

Laura lightly touched her colleague's arm with her hand. "Can you manage, Jenny?" Even though Laura wouldn't have wanted it to show, there was a tone of affection in her voice.

Jenny glanced at Laura, surprised by her concern. "Yes, I'll be fine," she muttered through gritted teeth, her voice tense but resolute. "I just need to hold on a little longer."

Laura observed Jenny. She was sitting in the driver's seat with her thighs pressed tightly together and was swaying a little in her seat. She felt a sense of tenderness toward her. Or maybe there was something else? She dismissed that thought.

Jenny was desperately trying to contain the growing pressure in her bladder. Her gaze was fixed on Davis. Every minute that passed severely tested her willpower, but she refused to be distracted. She didn't notice that Laura was watching her in silence.

A man came out of the station. He was quite elderly, wearing a beige suit and a white Panama hat on his head. Davis attracted his attention with a honk and the man walked toward the car.

"And who the fuck is that?" Laura exclaimed. She quickly grabbed the camera and took two shots. The elderly man got into Davis's car and they started moving.

Jenny's eyes widened as she watched the elderly man approach Davis's car and get in. Her bladder was protesting louder and louder, but her determination to continue the pursuit made her start the engine and drive the car.

Laura said, in a calm voice: "Jenny, I can see you can't take it anymore. Let's drop the pursuit, we have the photos."

Jenny clenched her jaw. She knew Laura was right, but was reluctant to admit defeat. "No," she said through gritted teeth, "I can do it. We can't let him... ahh!" Her words were interrupted by a wave of desperation, and she moaned involuntarily, while squeezing her thighs as tight as she could.

Laura smiled and shook her head slightly. "You're an adorable stubborn one," she said, emphasizing "adorable" with her tone of voice. "Alright, follow them, as long as you think you can manage."

Jenny couldn't help but feel somewhat embarrassed by Laura's observation, but she also found it endearing. "Fine, I'll manage," she muttered, trying to think about the road and not about the terrible need to pee. "Let me concentrate, okay?"

Davis was driving slowly, as if he wanted to have time to talk with the man sitting beside him. Laura watched the scene carefully, taking more photos. Jenny continued to follow him, keeping the right distance. Another quarter of an hour passed. The young agent felt a drop of pee escape her control, wetting her panties. She squeezed her thighs tighter, while feeling the warm moisture spread on her underwear. "Oh, damn..." she muttered to herself, praying that the pursuit would end soon.

Laura turned to look at her: "Jenny, everything okay?"

Jenny's face turned red. "I-I'm fine," she lied, her voice slightly trembling. "Don't mind me, I can hold on."

Davis parked in front of a hotel and got out of the car together with the elderly man. Laura took another photo, fiddled with her cell phone and sent it to someone.

Jenny gave a small sigh of relief when the car stopped in front of the hotel. Maybe the pursuit was over. She looked at Laura and asked: "Who are you sending those photos to?"

"To our Headquarters in Washington. Just in case we're lucky and they know who that man is."

Jenny felt another small drop of pee that moistened her panties. She realized the situation was rapidly getting worse. And she was starting to feel really embarrassed. She murmured to herself: "God... I can't hold on anymore..."

"What did you say, Jenny?" Laura asked with a distracted voice, while keeping her attention fixed on the hotel entrance.

Jenny blushed even more, realizing that Laura had heard her murmur. "N-nothing," she replied with a trembling voice. "I was just talking to myself, that's all." But the truth was she was about to lose control. She felt a third small drop of pee gaining freedom, ending up in her panties.

Davis came out of the hotel, alone, got in his car and started making a phone call, without moving the car.

Jenny moved uncomfortably in her seat, she was starting to tremble from the effort of holding in her pee.

Davis started the engine and left.

Jenny made a terrified expression. "I can't believe it, the pursuit isn't over!" she muttered. Nevertheless, she started the engine. Before the young agent could move the car, Laura placed a hand on hers, while she was gripping the steering wheel. "Enough Jenny, let's end it here. We've already gathered a lot of information." Then with a little smile she added: "I'm ready to bet you already have wet panties... just look at your expressions and your posture."

Jenny didn't look at Laura immediately. She stared ahead at Davis's car that was moving away. Finally, she turned toward her colleague. "You like being explicit, don't you? But you're right... The situation is very serious. I can't hold on anymore."

Laura wasn't fazed. "In my opinion, now you need to go into that hotel and ask to use a bathroom. I can wait for you in the car."

Jenny nodded weakly, feeling her cheeks burn with embarrassment. "You're right. I need to find a bathroom within a few seconds, otherwise I'll wet myself." She looked in the direction of the hotel. "I'll go in there and ask." She got out of the car and headed quickly toward the hotel. She showed her FBI badge to the reception and without further explanation asked where she could find a restroom.

The receptionist promptly pointed to a door near the lobby. Jenny walked with her legs pressed together, not caring if anyone noticed her funny gait. She entered the bathroom and closed the door behind her.

*003*2025-08-17 11:41

Jenny still had her fingers on the button of her pants when she felt a trickle of pee escape. "This can't be happening!" she exclaimed. She undressed as quickly as she could, sat on the toilet and finally was able to empty her bladder. It was almost an orgasm. She remained seated for a moment, catching her breath. Then she began to get dressed again. Her panties were quite wet, but the unpleasant surprises weren't over: her pants also showed a damp stain, right at the crotch. It wasn't very large, but it could be seen. Jenny cursed to herself. "How could this day get any worse?" She rubbed the pants with toilet paper, hoping to erase the wet stain, but in vain. "This is so damn embarrassing," she muttered. She took a deep breath, trying to regain her composure, before leaving the bathroom.

Laura saw Jenny exit the hotel entrance and return toward their car. There was something strange about her, she seemed awkward... no, embarrassed perhaps?

Jenny headed toward the car, trying to walk with her legs a bit tight together to hide the mishap. She felt Laura's gaze on her. She sat in the driver's seat, avoiding her colleague's eyes, hoping she wouldn't notice the trace of moisture on her pants.

Laura noticed it immediately. She said nothing, not wanting to embarrass Jenny, but struggled to hold back a laugh, biting her lip.

Jenny felt her cheeks redden even more. She knew exactly why Laura was chuckling, and this only increased her embarrassment. "Just say it," she muttered, her voice full of frustration. "I know why you're laughing."

"I can't deny the situation is amusing, but you shouldn't be so ashamed: it's just a tiny accident. And I really admire your determination in continuing the Davis pursuit, until just now. You didn't give up even though your bladder was demanding attention."

Jenny finally looked Laura in the eyes. She was surprised. She expected sarcasm and instead Laura was looking at her with affection, even... almost lovingly. It was a look she had never seen before, and it took her breath away. She blushed deeply, uncertain what to think of that unexpected emotion. "L-Laura..." she whispered "Why are you looking at me like that?"

Laura whispered: "I'm looking at you because you're a beautiful girl, first of all. And then that little accident makes you even... sexier."

Jenny's heart skipped a beat. She was used to being perceived as a tough and inflexible agent, not as a desirable person. Her cheeks reddened even more and a shiver ran down her spine. "You're not making fun of me for the umpteenth time?" she asked, with a note of skepticism.

"I've never been more serious."

Jenny struggled to process what was happening, even though she was becoming convinced of the sincerity of Laura's words. "I-I don't know what to say..." she stammered, her voice trembling with a strange mix of vulnerability and excitement.

Laura smiled sweetly at her. "For now don't say anything. We'll talk about it calmly, if you want. Now listen to my plan. We park the car under your house, you go up, clean yourself up and change pants and underwear. I'll wait for you in the car. Then we go to the office. This way no one will see you in these conditions."

Jenny breathed a sigh of relief. "That sounds like a good idea," she replied, her voice regaining some composure. For a moment she had feared having to show up at the office with pants wet with pee.

They arrived at the FBI District Office forty minutes later. Jenny was wearing a pair of clean pants. They hadn't talked about that incident anymore, although occasionally Laura looked at her with a strange smile, which seemed to mix irony and affection.

Jenny couldn't quite shake off the image of Laura's look when she had seen her with the wet stain on her pants: her expression had gone from amusement to something almost tender. She tried to focus on the tasks that awaited her, but the memory of Laura's words, the fact that she had called her "sexy," despite her embarrassing situation, kept coming back to her mind.

Laura sat at her desk and opened a can of beer. "Don't look at me badly," she said to Jenny. "I know we already drank at the pub and that we're on duty, but I love beer. This doesn't mean I'm an alcoholic. I mean... not really." Laura laughed at herself, but with an undertone of bitterness. Then she turned on the computer and checked her email. "Still no response about the photo I sent to Headquarters." She turned to Jenny, made a little smile and said: "Well, while we wait for news from headquarters, I'll ask you the same question you asked me at the pub: have you ever been in love?"

Jenny didn't expect this turn in the conversation and felt her heartbeat accelerate. However, she tried to stay calm, clearing her throat. "Um, yes, once..." she murmured, with a hint of nostalgia in her voice. "But it was a long time ago."

Laura asked slowly: "And was it a man or a woman?"

"Is this an interrogation?"

Laura didn't respond, just smiled sweetly.

"Ok, ok, it was a woman."

Laura seemed happy with the answer.

Jenny tried to hide her nervousness by fidgeting with the papers on her desk. "Can I ask you something?" she asked, with a hint of hesitation in her voice.

"Of course you can."

"You... you said something before..." She paused, feeling the heat rise to her cheeks again. "When I was, um, in that... difficult situation. You called me..." She couldn't repeat the words, but her eyes darted to Laura, silently conveying the memory of that moment.

"I called you 'sexy,' I remember. You shouldn't be surprised: you're a beautiful girl!"

"Oh, I don't see myself as that beautiful. But then in that situation..."

Laura reflected for a moment, trying to focus on the emotions she herself had felt in that moment. "I saw you there next to me, with your pants a bit wet, after you had been on Davis's heels like a bloodhound. There was an incredible mixture of determination, tenacity and... vulnerability in you... well I think I was fascinated by it..."

Jenny swallowed hard, her thoughts swirling in a mixture of emotions. She struggled to find her voice, her cheeks now completely red. "You... you thought I was... vulnerable? And you were fascinated by it?"

"Well you were so embarrassed, I would have been too in your place."

"Yes, I was completely mortified..." she admitted softly. "Yet you say you found me... sexy."

"Yes, you were terribly sexy, I know it's hard to explain but..." Laura couldn't complete the sentence. A sound from the computer caught her attention. An email had arrived. She read it quickly and then... "Holy shit!!"

"What's happening?" Jenny got up from her desk and headed toward Laura, trying to get a look at the computer monitor.

"The old man! The damn old man! I mean: the man Davis accompanied to the hotel. He's an explosives trafficker!"

"What?!" Jenny exclaimed, unable to hide her shock. "And what was Davis doing with an explosives trafficker?" She approached Laura, her eyes glued to the computer screen.

"There's an FBI report on him, they just sent it to me from Washington. Actually, honestly I think this is just an extract from a report, the text is only three pages long."

"Three pages...?" Jenny shook her head incredulously. "It's not possible that there are only three pages of information on an explosives trafficker. Why didn't they send you the complete report?"

Laura rested her elbow on the desk, holding her forehead with her hand. She was thinking intensely. At the same time, she felt that the beer she had drunk earlier was slowly filling her bladder, but she didn't have time now to go to the bathroom. "I think I'm forced to make a phone call, even though I really don't want to," she said, enigmatically.

"A phone call you don't want to make? What is it, another one of your mysteries?" Jenny crossed her arms and leaned against the edge of the desk, her gaze fixed on Laura, waiting for an explanation.

Laura sighed. "No, I'll tell you things as they are. When we were at the pub this morning, I told you I had a relationship with a woman, right? Well she is... a CIA official, there."

"Wait, what? You went out with someone from the CIA? Like, a real CIA agent? Are you serious?" Jenny's voice was tinged with incredulity, but also fascinated.

"Not only did I go out with her, I actually slept with her for two years. But then she broke my heart, leaving me for another. So you'll understand that I'm not dying to call her."

"Oh, of course I understand." Jenny reached out a hand, placing it on Laura's shoulder. "It must have been hard."

"But I have to resign myself to making this call." Laura picked up the phone and dialed a number. "Elizabeth, hi... yes I know I never call you... yes I know I forgot a bra at your house... ah, you threw it away?... well you did the right thing... what do you say? You and Sarah are getting married? But that's wonderful news..."

Jenny clearly perceived the lump in Laura's voice as she learned about her ex's upcoming marriage. She continued to listen in silence, knowing it wasn't her right to interfere, but her heart ached for her, even though they had only met that very day.

"Elizabeth though listen, I need some information... I know you can help me." Ten minutes later Laura ended the conversation. Now she appeared a bit tired.

Jenny approached her and gently placed a hand on her back. "Hey... are you okay? You look exhausted." Her voice was full of sincere concern.

Laura felt a faint shiver of pleasure when Jenny placed her hand on her back. Oops, that girl was getting to her. "I'm not exhausted, but I admit this phone call was emotionally difficult" Then she changed the subject: "This case is becoming a damn mess! So, listen to this: Elizabeth confirmed that the old man (whose name is Michael Hopkins) is an explosives trafficker. But he's still free because in the past... um... he did some jobs for the CIA. He enjoys a sort of immunity. This also explains why our Headquarters sent us so little information. National security and various bullshit."

Jenny let out a frustrated sigh, trying to make sense of the situation. "Great... simply great. We're dealing with a dangerous bomb trafficker, and he has the CIA protecting him. This case gets more complicated by the minute. Assuming any of this has any relation to Madison's death."

Laura stood up and began walking around the room. She saw that Jenny was watching her a bit puzzled and said: "Don't worry, it's my way of thinking." For a moment she remembered she needed to pee, but she immediately forgot about it. Then she stopped in the middle of the room and said: "But I'm overstepping and that's not right. The Madison case is yours. Tell me what you'd like to do now."

(to be continued)

*004*2025-08-17 21:13

5.

Jenny focused on the case. "So, we've confirmed Michael Hopkins is a known explosives trafficker with CIA ties, which complicates everything." She sat back down, organizing her thoughts. "I think we need to dig deeper into Hopkins' past. We have to learn more about his CIA connections. And we need to do it discreetly, without drawing too much attention."

"You're absolutely right, but this kind of digging takes time. And we have other operational duties." Laura tilted her head. "Isn't there an agent here you completely trust?"

Jenny paused, considering Laura's question. There was someone, but she hesitated to suggest him. She took a deep breath and met Laura's gaze directly. "There is one agent I trust. But he's... complicated. Hard to handle. Doesn't always follow orders, tends to go rogue. And that's not all—he's also... unbearably stubborn. Always manages to get under my skin. Never gives a straight answer, just sarcastic remarks. And that smug grin of his... I can't stand it."

Laura smirked. "Let me summarize: he's an excellent agent, you trust him completely, but he's a pain in the ass and you hate him. Accurate?"

Jenny chuckled and nodded. "Yeah, that about covers it. He's brilliant, and I do trust him. But god, he irritates me. That arrogant attitude and that self-satisfied smile make me want to strangle him every time."

"Mmm... is he young?"

"Yeah, a couple years younger than me, I think."

"Young, so he's career-driven. He's been playing the cocky hotshot because he's been stuck in this small field office." Laura gave a sly smile. "Let me try something." She stepped into the hallway, standing with her legs crossed—her bladder was protesting again. She made a quick phone call, then returned to Jenny.

Just five minutes later, a young agent entered the room. "Good evening," he said. "Agent Spencer. I was told to report here. I'm at your complete disposal."

Jenny eyed him suspiciously. It was him—the very colleague she’d described—but his demeanor was uncharacteristically subdued. She glanced at Laura, who wore an unreadable smirk.

Laura spoke first: "Good, Agent Spencer. Jenny will brief you on your assignment. You’ll follow her instructions exactly—no improvisation, no backtalk. Clear?"

Spencer replied: "Absolutely yes, crystal clear. I hope I’ll be up to the task."

Jenny was stunned.

Laura leaned close to Jenny and whispered in her ear: "See that effect? I had an FBI Deputy Director call Spencer. Now tell him what to do."

Feeling a wave of authority wash over her, Jenny took a moment to collect herself before turning to Spencer. She looked him straight in the eyes:

"Agent Spencer, I want you to investigate the background of one Michael Hopkins. He’s an explosives trafficker—here’s a brief dossier on him. Start with this and leave no stone unturned."

Laura hid a smirk, then called Jenny back to order:

"Good. If you’re done strutting around, know that we’re not on vacation. We’re heading back to that hotel now. I want to see if Hopkins meets anyone or goes somewhere."

Jenny nodded. "Too bad, I was having fun. But okay, let’s go keep an eye on Hopkins."

She started gathering her things, and soon walked with Laura toward the parking lot.

Shortly before 4 p.m., Laura and Jenny sat in the car outside the hotel.

"Seems we’ve got a subscription to stakeouts," Laura commented. She remembered she still hadn’t peed since her last beer. Here we go. Soon, she’d find herself in the same situation Jenny had been in hours earlier. She squeezed her thighs slightly.

Jenny shot a furtive glance at her colleague and sensed something. She suppressed a smirk but couldn’t resist teasing Laura a little.

"Mmm, legs clenched? Sure you don’t need a bathroom break?"

Laura tried to stay serious, though part of her wanted to laugh too.

"Exactly right, Special Agent Kim. I need to pee. Blame that damn beer. But don’t worry—I can hold it."

"Oh, looks like the roles have reversed here," Jenny replied, smiling smugly.

Laura burst out laughing.

"Relax, when I can’t hold it anymore, I’ll tell you. But we just started this stakeout."

"Alright, alright. But fair warning: if you start fidgeting in your seat, I’m taking a photo."

Laura laughed even harder.

"God, all we need is a photo! Then it’d end up accidentally attached to the case file!"

"Oh, can you imagine?" Jenny grinned. "Some agent years from now opening the case file and finding a photo of you squirming instead of crucial evidence. Priceless."

Laura suddenly turned serious. She pointed at a car that had stopped in front of the hotel. "Hey, isn’t that your colleague Davis?"

"That’s him! With those ridiculous mustaches, he’d stand out anywhere."

Michael Hopkins appeared at the hotel entrance, scanned the area, spotted Davis’ car, and got in. The two drove off.

"Go, go! Follow them!" Laura shouted urgently.

Ten minutes later, the car stopped outside a residential building. Only Davis got out.

"What the hell? That’s the building where Madison—the victim—lived!" Jenny exclaimed, her mind racing to connect the dots.

Laura remained equally focused on the scene, but her bladder’s protests grew louder. She clenched her thighs tightly and sighed.

Jenny glanced over, genuinely concerned. "Hey, you okay? Want me to handle this alone?"

Laura smiled without taking her eyes off the car. "I need to piss like a racehorse. Feels like I’ve got a watermelon where my bladder should be. But no fucking way I’m leaving you alone with these two dirtbags! Don’t worry about me."

Davis hurried out of the building with a package under his arm, tossed it onto the back seat, and exchanged words with Hopkins—who nodded approvingly. They drove off again.

Jenny started the engine. "Ready for round two?" she said eagerly, then to Laura: "Try to hang in there a little longer."

As she tailed Davis’ car, Laura squirmed beside her—legs jiggling erratically, muttering curses under her breath. Jenny stole a look and found the scene oddly amusing. Maybe even… a little sexy? She surprised herself with the thought.

Hopkins and Davis parked near a park, walked to a bench, and began talking.

Jenny pulled over to observe. Laura was now rocking in her seat, thighs locked like a vise—yet her professionalism held. "Special Agent Kim," she said (voice slightly strained), "two men could talk in their car… but choose a park bench. What does that tell you?"

Jenny, distracted by Laura’s fidgeting, blinked. "Uh… precautions against car bugs?"

"Bingo. Not exactly chatting about kids and soccer, are they?" A pause. "I just hope they hurry. I’m about to fucking explode."

Jenny tried not to laugh at Laura's last words, uttered while she kept shifting in her seat. She glanced over: despite her obvious discomfort, Laura's expression remained relaxed—almost amused, as if she found humor in this absurd situation. Again, Jenny felt that strange pull of attraction.

Davis and Hopkins returned to their car and drove off. "F-follow them," Laura stammered, now shamelessly pressing a hand against her groin.

"I won't lose them, don't worry. Just hang on, okay? We need to see where they're headed." Jenny focused on the road, though her eyes kept darting back to Laura.

Davis dropped Hopkins at the hotel. A quick goodbye, and the federal agent drove off alone.

"Tail Davis," Laura ordered, now slightly hunched forward—one hand braced on the dashboard, the other still wedged between her thighs.

Jenny stole another look, recalling Laura's words from hours earlier: that mix of determination and vulnerability that could be... tremendously sexy.

Davis parked outside his apartment and exited. Jenny crept forward, watching him approach the building.

"Okay, surveillance complete," Laura announced, failing to sound professional. "Now get us back to the office. Fast. Please."

"Ten minutes tops!" Jenny reassured. But when she glanced over, Laura was flushed crimson, pretending to study something outside. She'd crossed an arm over her lap, as if hiding her pants' crotch.

Jenny understood instantly. "Laura... you okay?" she ventured softly.

"Well, I... Special Agent Kim, now we're even!" Laura moved her arm, revealing a damp patch at her groin.

"Oh god, I'm so sorry—"

But Laura smiled. Not embarrassed—as if she felt no shame around Jenny, as if their bond now transcended...

Jenny realized she wasn't uncomfortable either. If anything, this felt strangely... intimate.

Laura snapped her back to reality: "Listen, since I'm still leaking like a broken faucet, mind if we swing by my rental first?"

Jenny laughed. "Yeah, that's probably wise. Let's go up so you can change." She caught herself—"go up", plural. The words had tumbled out before she could think. A faint blush warmed her cheeks.

*005*2025-08-17 21:43

6.

Laura fumbled desperately for her apartment keys, doing a frantic pee-pee dance on the spot—clamping her thighs together, hopping from foot to foot, trying to stem the rebellious leaks from her overstuffed bladder. She burst out laughing. "God, what am I even doing?!"

Jenny watched the dark stain spreading across Laura’s pants, biting back a grin. "You’re really something—laughing through your own humiliation," she teased, the corners of her mouth twitching.

The moment they got inside, Laura bolted for the bathroom while Jenny surveyed the apartment—spacious but impersonal, clearly a short-term rental. She flopped onto the couch.

Laura emerged soon after, eyes blissful with post-pee relief… still wearing her soaked trousers.

Jenny arched a brow, smirking. "Better now?" Amusement dripped from her voice.

"Much better, Agent Kim." Laura glanced down at her pants and shook her head. "Look at this mess! All I needed was you snapping that photo you threatened earlier."

"Oh, I’m still on time!" In a flash, Jenny whipped out her phone and click. She burst out laughing at the result. "There. Now you’re blackmail material. Know what we call this in our line of work? A dossier."

Laura gave a weird little smile and grabbed her own phone. She swiped through her gallery, then flashed a photo at Jenny: there she was, caught mid-car-squirm during their first stakeout, with an obvious wet patch on her pants.

Jenny’s cheeks burned. "Oh… oh no." Her voice wavered between shock and flustered awe. "How… when did you—?"

"Snapped it while you were too busy driving to notice," Laura gloated. "Surprised? I do work for the FBI too."

"Touché," Jenny muttered, equal parts impressed and mortified.

"I should probably change," Laura said… but didn’t move. Her tone curled with something dangerously suggestive.

Jenny’s eyebrow hit her hairline. "Oh yes… you should change. Those wet pants must be… terribly uncomfortable."

Laura strode into the bedroom, rummaged through a drawer, and returned clutching fresh panties and dry pants. She paused in the living room, locking eyes with Jenny—her smile unapologetically bold.

Jenny tilted her head, a smirk playing at her lips. "Changing right in front of me?" A thread of excitement laced her voice.

"Would you mind?"

Jenny pretended to ponder, her gaze trailing over Laura’s body. "No. Not at all." She sank back into the couch, arms draped over the backrest, and gave Laura a slow once-over. "By all means."

Laura peeled off her pants with deliberate slowness. The blue panties beneath were soaked through, clinging to her skin, the fabric nearly transparent—hinting at dark curls beneath. Her legs were toned, sleek despite her petite frame.

Jenny swallowed hard, fighting to keep her voice steady. "You’re… quite a sight."

"Flatterer," Laura chuckled. She dropped onto the couch beside Jenny, eyes gleaming. "Y’know, Agent Kim… As your superior, given prior incidents, it’s my duty to inspect if your panties are dry. Care to remove your pants?"

Jenny feigned nonchalance, though her breath hitched. "Yes. I suppose that’s… protocol." She held Laura’s gaze for a beat before surrendering. "Alright. Off they come."

Laura closed the distance, capturing her mouth in a fleeting kiss. Her eyes stayed locked on Jenny as she shimmied out of her pants, revealing lavender lace boyshorts. "Well, Agent Kim… You’re the spectacle now."

Jenny flushed at the praise—equal parts flustered and thrumming with want. "Don’t laugh, but… I actually need to pee now too," she admitted.

Laura kissed her again, deeper this time, one hand skating up Jenny’s bare thigh while the other tugged her closer—

Jenny surrendered to desire—kissing back, arching into Laura’s touch. The need to pee burned hotter, yet the heat of Laura’s mouth on hers pinned her to the couch. "I… really need to go," she gasped… but made no move to leave.

Laura paused, brushing her lips along Jenny’s jaw. "Okay, sweetheart. Go. I’ll be here for… aftercare."

But Jenny hesitated—God, the way being held while desperate thrilled her. She was unraveling parts of herself she’d never known existed.

"No!" she blurted. "Not yet."

Laura’s fingers began undoing Jenny’s shirt buttons, kisses trailing lower. Once the fabric parted, her palm slid up Jenny’s stomach, tracing ribs and hipbones.

Jenny clenched her thighs—her bladder pulsed, but she’d die before stopping this. She yanked Laura closer, craving skin. Laura straddled her, teasing her nipples through the lace.

"L-Laura… I’m leaking," Jenny whimpered, feeling warmth trickle between her legs. Not just arousal. The loss of control terrified and electrified her.

"I can stop," Laura murmured against her collarbone.

"Don’t you dare."

Laura’s laugh was dark as she circled Jenny’s nipples with her thumbs.

Then—a spurt. Jenny felt it, hot and shameful, but the pleasure drowned everything. She trembled, came with a cry, then kissed Laura fiercely before bolting to the bathroom.

When she returned, her lavender boyshorts were undeniably damp. "Well. Didn’t quite make it… but damage control achieved!" she joked, cheeks flushed.

Laura eyed Jenny’s underwear, then her own soaked pair. "Christ, we’re insane." She burst out laughing.

Jenny looped her arms around Laura’s neck, holding her gaze. "Yeah. Insane. And I haven’t felt this alive in years." A wicked glint sparked in her eyes. "Enjoy the show? Pretty sure you get off on watching me squirm."

Laura flushed slightly. "I won’t deny it. But you can’t say I forced you—"

"Let’s just say you persuaded me. Very… persuasively."

Laura cupped Jenny’s face. "What are we even doing? A few hours ago, we were just coworkers—rivals, even. And now we’re here playing ‘who can hold their pee the longest’."

Jenny grinned. "I don’t know exactly what we’re doing… but I like it."

Jenny’s phone rang. She groaned. "Seriously? Now?" She checked the caller ID. "Damn. It’s Spencer—I have to take this." Ten minutes of hushed conversation later, she hung up, eyes wide. "I don’t know how he did it, but Spencer wrung intel out of the CIA. Hopkins supplied them with a massive explosives shipment between 2007 and 2008. They were planning some kind of attack."

"What lovely people," Laura deadpanned, though her mind was still tangled in the heat between them.

Jenny continued, "There’s more. The CIA says Hopkins isn’t their ‘asset’ anymore. They think he’s up to something shady—intercepted chatter about an ‘Operation Hilton.’ No details."

Laura scoffed. "Great. Spencer gets a gold star. But why don’t we table Hopkins, Davis, and this ‘Hilton’ nonsense… and get back to us?" She flashed a smirk.

Jenny wavered—duty warring with desire—before setting her phone aside, lips quirking. "You’re insatiable, you know that?"

Laura kissed her. "And you’re my soggy little treasure," she murmured, fingers skimming Jenny’s damp waistband.

"You’re impossible!" Jenny protested half-heartedly, leaning into her touch.

Suddenly, Laura jerked back, eyes wild. "Fuck! Fuck, Jenny—Hilton! That’s the hotel Hopkins is staying at!"

She exhaled, duty crashing back. "Wait… You think ‘Operation Hilton’ targets our Hotel Hilton?"

"It fits." Laura paced, thoughts racing. "Jenny, call the office—ask if there’s any high-profile guest at the Hilton right now. I’ll phone the Deputy Director. I want Davis’ full background—why’d he join the FBI after forty? What was he doing before?"

Jenny marveled at her focus. She dialed instantly.

Later, after their calls:

"Listen to this," Jenny said. "The governor of North Dakota, Bohrer, is staying at the Hilton."

Laura muttered, pacing again. "Bohrer… Hopkins… Davis’ mustache… the Hilton… Missing one piece…" She stopped cold. "I need to call Elizabeth. No other way."

Jenny noted—with smug satisfaction—that Laura’s voice didn’t waver mentioning her ex. Maybe what just happened between us changed things.

Laura sat on the couch, spoke for fifteen minutes, then hung up eerily calm. She met Jenny’s gaze. "Sit down. I have a story to tell you."

*006*2025-08-17 22:02

7.

Jenny nodded eagerly. "Okay... Go ahead, I'm all ears."

Laura began: "Our story starts in 2003, when Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva—known simply as 'Lula'—was first elected president of Brazil. Even though the Soviet Union no longer existed, monitoring socialist movements in Latin America remained a CIA priority. Lula was labeled, with some exaggeration, a communist—an existential threat to the U.S. With President George W. Bush's approval, a plan was drafted to assassinate him. Now, first surprise: Do you know who worked for the CIA back then and handled this operation?"

"I really wouldn't know..." Jenny murmured.

"Walter Bohrer—the current governor of North Dakota. The same man now staying at the Hilton. But let's go back to the early 2000s. The assassination preparations dragged on; these things are complicated when you're trying to kill a foreign head of state. By late 2008, the CIA was finally ready. The plan? A car bomb during a rally. The explosives—pay attention!—were supplied by Michael Hopkins. A massive quantity. Still following?"

"Yes, I'm following," Jenny replied, her voice a mix of curiosity and disbelief. "Hopkins was involved too? He provided the explosives?"

Instead of continuing, Laura glanced at Jenny, then at herself, and said: "Let's remember to change our underwear before we leave."

Jenny let out a surprised laugh. "Laura, you're unbelievable, you know that?" she said, shaking her head with amused exasperation.

Laura smirked and resumed: "Back to 2008. The CIA was ready, but then President Bush hesitated. His term was ending, and he was focused on Republican Party politics ahead of the election. So the Lula operation was shelved. McCain lost, Obama took office, and when he discovered the CIA's explosive little project, he was furious: 'These things are done, but not like this—we're not in the 1950s.' He shut it down and purged a few CIA heads—including our friend Bohrer, who then went into politics. You might say: 'So this ended 15 years ago.' But if it had, we wouldn't be here on this couch, with our wet underwear, talking about it... Speaking of which, you look gorgeous in wet underwear, Jenny."

Can't you stay serious for more than five minutes?" Despite her words, Jenny struggled to suppress a smile. "Though I assume all this information came from Elizabeth."

"Exactly. Let's say I... persuaded her to share intel, since the CIA is also curious about Hopkins' current activities. Anyway, where were we? Ah yes - the CIA operation was shut down by Obama, and Bohrer was fired. Meanwhile, Hopkins never got paid for the explosives. That was supposed to be Bohrer's responsibility, but he ran out of time. We're talking millions of dollars. You can imagine how happy Hopkins was..."

"Okay," Jenny nodded, "Hopkins was left with an unpaid bill for explosives he'd supplied to the CIA. Given the sums involved, he must have been furious. That's a crucial detail." Her expression turned serious. "But how does this bring us to today? And what's Davis' role?"

"Patience. Now let's talk about your colleague. First - Davis is Mexican-American. Really, we should have guessed from that mustache."

"Well I knew that - you never asked."

*"Ah! Right. What you might not know is that Davis was Mexican intelligence - with a side business selling information to other agencies, including the Brazilians. He played all sides, including some dealings with us Americans, particularly the DEA. And one day, guess what some American operative told him? This was before 2008..."*

Jenny could feel them approaching the truth. "Someone told Davis about the CIA's plan to assassinate Lula. And I'll bet he rushed to sell that information to Brazilian intelligence for a fat paycheck. Classic information broker move."

"Excellent! So Brazilian intelligence knew about the CIA's plot. But as we know, the operation was shelved. Now fast forward to 2017. Mexican intelligence discovers Davis' double game and fires him. They wanted to arrest him, but someone smuggled him into the U.S. - my money's on our very own FBI. Why? Because he's a man who knows too much."

"Okay, so the FBI protects Davis because he might be useful - or dangerous - with what he knows. But this all happened eight years after the Lula assassination plot was canceled. How does it connect?"

"This part explains why Davis was hired by the FBI and ended up as your colleague. And because you're a good agent - even without knowing any of this - you never liked him. You distrusted him. Remember? You told me this morning." Laura flashed a smile, thinking about everything that had happened between them since then. "God, that feels like a lifetime ago!"

Jenny looked smug. "Seems my instincts were right from the start. Who would've thought our harmless new colleague was a former double agent with ties to both Mexican and Brazilian intelligence? But your story seems to have hit another dead end."

Laura gave a sly grin. *"Let's keep going. Now it's 2021. Bohrer, former CIA operative, gets elected governor of North Dakota. Now picture this - a retired Brazilian military intelligence general sitting in a bar, reading the news about his election. And he thinks: 'That's the bastard who tried to kill Lula! Look how far he's come!'"*

Jenny's expression turned serious. "Wait - you're not suggesting this Brazilian general wants revenge on Bohrer, are you?"

"You're really good at this, you know? They should promote you."

Jenny waved off the compliment, cheeks flushing slightly.

"Obviously I don't have proof for this last part - it's just my theory. We'll need to find evidence. But there's still one missing piece..."

Jenny studied Laura, eyes alight with curiosity. "There has to be something else - the thread connecting all these dots."

"You'll laugh - I need to pee again. Goddamn beer."

Jenny burst into loud laughter. "Fine, I can wait a few more minutes for the grand finale." She gave Laura a playful elbow nudge toward the bathroom.

But Laura crossed her legs and continued: "So these retired generals keep drinking caipirinhas and saying: 'Why don't we blow that pig Bohrer to hell?' And they toast to it. But then one points out: 'How would we pull this off in the U.S.? We're just a bunch of old farts - can you picture us sneaking around America?'"

Jenny chuckled at the mental image. "Ancient generals with cigars trying to blend in. It'd be a disaster."

"Christ, I need to piss so bad!" Laura muttered before refocusing: "Then one general jumps up: 'Whatever happened to that fun Mexican, Davis? The one who sold us intel?' Another goes: 'Oh him? Mexican intelligence fired him. Now he's some FBI agent making a tenth of his old salary - must be fuming.' That's when the lightbulb goes off. They contact Davis: 'We've got this idea to blow up Bohrer... pooled five million dollars... wanna help?'"

Jenny leaned forward, eyes wide. "Where'd you get that five million figure? And what did Davis say?" Her voice mixed skepticism and fascination.

"Our HQ was monitoring his accounts - given his shady past. When they saw the money, they assumed he'd gone back to selling secrets. That's partly why they sent me here, though I was kept in the dark. As for Davis?" Laura smirked. "Probably felt he hit the jackpot. Five mil minus expenses still beats an FBI salary. My guess? He jumped at the chance to organize the hit. Ex-intel knows the game. And his best cover? Being FBI - who'd suspect him?"

Jenny bounced on the couch: "Let me guess - this is where Hopkins and his explosives come into play!"

Laura grinned. "Bravo, Agent Kim!" Then she momentarily clenched her thighs and muttered: "Gonna piss myself again soon." Seamlessly refocusing: "The generals want spectacle - Bohrer should blow up just like the CIA planned for Lula. So Davis needs explosives. He racks his brain... then remembers what that American told him about the Lula plot years ago. A guy named Hopkins. Davis checks FBI archives - bingo, he finds him."

Jenny interrupted with an amused smile. "Laura... shouldn't you use the bathroom before continuing?"

Laura sprang up. "Shit, you're right!" She sprinted to the bathroom, relieved herself, and returned victorious: "Only a few drops escaped!" Plopping back down: "Where were we?"

Jenny burst out laughing, eyeing Laura's damp underwear before composing herself. "The explosives."

*"Right. Hopkins gets approached by this guy offering $1.5 million for explosives. Does some vetting, but takes the deal. Oh—Washington actually recorded a Hopkins-Davis call, but didn't grasp the context."*

Jenny leaned back, mind racing. "So we might have proof of their deal. But where does this leave us?"

Laura locked eyes with her. "Hopkins is in town. Davis is in town. Bohrer is in town. That's no coincidence. How long until the attack? Days? Hours? Minutes?"

*007*2025-08-18 16:46

8.

Jenny sprang to her feet from the couch, her expression serious and determined. "We need to act fast, Laura. We can’t let them carry out their plan. We have to find a way to stop them."

"Yes, we need to act fast. But first, we need to change our underwear."

Jenny let out a faint giggle, then rolled her eyes. "Seriously? That’s what you’re thinking about? After everything we just discussed, that’s what worries you?" She shook her head, her expression a mix of affection and amusement. "You’re ridiculous, you know that?"

"You want to go arrest terrorists with wet panties? What if you get a UTI?"

"Fine, you’re right, let’s go change our underwear. But after that, can we please focus?" Her tone was annoyed, but her eyes sparkled with faint amusement.

They went to the bedroom. Laura handed Jenny a fresh pair of panties. Finally, she regained a serious tone. "I spoke with the FBI Deputy Director. He believes the situation is extremely critical. Backup teams are on their way. We can proceed with arresting Davis and Hopkins, even if the evidence against them is thin. Then we remove Bohrer and conduct a thorough search of the hotel."

Jenny repeated the instructions to make sure she understood. "So, we arrest Davis and Hopkins, and in the meantime, we get Bohrer out of the hotel and search his room for explosives. And all this now that we’ve changed our underwear, of course." She shot Laura a teasing smirk, unable to resist poking fun at her partner.

Laura laughed. Then she added: "But in our hypothetical reconstruction of events, we forgot one thing. What does poor Madison have to do with any of this?" She smirked, implying she had the answer.

Jenny’s eyes widened. "Wait, you’re right," she said excitedly. "I was forgetting about Madison, poor guy! So, what’s your take on him? How does he fit into all this?" She locked eyes with Laura, waiting impatiently.

Laura paused for a moment, building suspense. Then she said: "The truth is, I have no idea. We’ll have to ask Davis and Hopkins."

Jenny crossed her arms, furrowing her brow. "All that suspense for nothing? I thought you had all the answers!" She shook her head slightly, caught between exasperation and amusement at her friend’s antics.

Laura replied with a smirk. "Come on, we have to go now!"

As Jenny sped toward the Hilton Hotel, Laura said, "There’s just one thing that doesn’t add up in this story. Why did Davis have Hopkins stay at the Hilton? He’s supposed to be just the explosives supplier, not the one carrying out the attack."

Jenny replied, "It is strange. Maybe the attack isn’t meant to happen inside the hotel—otherwise, why would Davis put Hopkins at risk? Either way, we have to move now."

They arrived quickly at the Hilton. Other FBI teams were already in position, ready to evacuate the governor and get him to safety. "We handle Hopkins," Laura told Jenny.

Jenny had slipped on her bulletproof vest. She quickly scanned the scene, watching the FBI agents preparing for the governor’s evacuation. "Okay, I’m ready."

The two agents entered the hotel and swiftly made their way to the stairs. When they reached the second floor, Laura said, "I need you focused and decisive. Gun out, but full control of the situation. Take a deep breath—like when you’re this close to pissing yourself... okay, bad example."

"I swear to God, I will kill you if you don’t stop," Jenny shot back, but she winked, her expression a mix of amusement and steely resolve.

They moved silently down the hallway and positioned themselves on either side of Hopkins’ door. "Breach it," Laura whispered.

"Got it," Jenny answered. She planted herself on the left side of the door, took a steadying breath, then—with a sharp, fluid motion—lifted her leg and delivered a powerful kick, channeling all her strength into it. The door splintered and burst open with a thud.

They stormed in. Hopkins was sitting on the bed. His eyes widened when he saw the agents, but he didn’t react. Jenny closed in, keeping her gun trained on him as she checked for weapons. "He’s unarmed!" she announced.

"Agent Kim, he’s yours—cuff him," Laura urged.

Jenny’s face remained stoic, her focus locked on Hopkins. "Don’t move," she ordered, her voice firm and authoritative. "You’re under arrest." She wrenched his arms behind his back and secured the handcuffs. Hopkins offered no resistance.

Laura and Jenny handed him off to an FBI team with instructions to take him to the field office. Laura keyed her radio: "Send in the bomb squad and sweep the governor’s suite." Then she turned to Jenny. "Now we go get Davis. Stay sharp—this one’s gonna be harder."

"Yeah, Davis might be tougher. We need to be extremely careful. Let’s go!" With determined steps, Jenny motioned for Laura to follow as they headed back to the car.

They reached Davis’ apartment in five minutes. Jenny briefed her partner: "He lives on the third floor—no elevator." Laura grumbled, "Great, we’re stuck taking the stairs." Jenny led the way, climbing swiftly and silently, her footsteps barely audible on the steps.

When they arrived at Davis’ door, Laura inspected it. "This one’s too solid—you’re not kicking it down. You’ll have to ring the bell, Jenny."

Despite the faint irony in Laura’s tone, Jenny knew she was right: this time, she couldn’t just bust the door down. Taking a deep breath, she reached out and pressed the buzzer, her heart beating just a little faster than usual.

Noises came from behind the door—Davis was likely checking the peephole. Laura and Jenny flanked the doorway, pressed against the wall in cover. A moment of silence passed—then two shotgun blasts tore through the wood, splintering the door. "Get the hell out! You’re not taking me!"

"Guess we interrupted his dinner," Laura remarked.

"Damn it," Jenny muttered under her breath. "He’s sure not making this easy."

Laura, gun in hand, whispered, "Check who lives next door. Don’t ring—just knock lightly."

Jenny rapped softly with her knuckles, weapon ready, her body coiled with tension as she waited.

An elderly woman answered, hunched with age and wrapped in a housecoat. "We’re FBI," Jenny whispered, keeping her voice calm. "We need to get inside."

The woman shuffled aside to let them in—either oblivious to the danger or unfazed by their guns. "Oh, you dear things! Would you like some tea?"

"No, thank you, ma’am," Jenny replied, amusement flickering in her voice. "We can’t stay long." She and Laura exchanged a quick glance.

The old woman studied them, first one, then the other, before suddenly grinning. "Oh, you’re not just coworkers—there’s something else between you. I can tell by how you look at each other." She gave a knowing little chuckle.

Jenny shared a knowing glance with Laura, then replied lightly, "Well, ma’am, you’ve got a sharp eye."

Laura moved toward a French window and stepped onto the balcony. "Jenny, come here!" she whispered, pointing a few meters away. "That’s Davis’ kitchen window!"

Jenny nodded in understanding. "You’re right," she murmured, barely louder than a breath. Her mind raced, calculating the distance and their options. "I’ve got an idea," she whispered. "It’s a little risky, and it depends on how much you trust me—but I think I found a way in."

"I usually do trust you," Laura said, "except when you swear you can hold your pee. We know how that ends. Anyway, what’s the plan?"

"Just say you want to die! Go on, say it!" Jenny laughed, then paused, recomposing herself. "Here’s the idea: I saw a painter’s ladder in the other room—tall enough. We lay it horizontally between the two balconies. One of us holds it steady while the other crawls across. Then we switch."

"Absolutely not!" Laura blurted, leaning over the railing and peering down. "I’ve got vertigo!"

Jenny rested a hand on Laura’s shoulder. "Then I’ll go alone. You just hold the ladder." Her voice was firm.

"No way you’re going in there solo." Laura cupped Jenny’s face. "I can’t let you. I’d lose my mind worrying."

Jenny grinned. "Well, then you come up with another idea."

Laura pulled three plastic objects from her bag. "I knew Davis would be trouble. Brought some… gifts for him."

"Oh? And what are these little surprises for our dear Mr. Davis?"

"One flashbang, two tear gas canisters. Let’s see how our colleague likes that. You any good at throwing?"

"Ooooh, I love this plan!" Jenny bounced excitedly, holding out her hand for one of the grenades.

Laura adopted a professorial tone: "In case you’re unfamiliar with advanced technology, you pull this pin, then throw within ten seconds. Not sure if they’ve invented these yet in your backwater hometown."

Jenny plucked a tear gas canister from Laura’s hand. "Hmm, maybe I should test it first. Open your mouth real wide—"

Laura grinned and handed her the second tear gas canister and the flashbang. "Go wild—use them all! I’ll take position near Davis’ door. Meet me there after."

"Okay, see you at his doorstep." Jenny couldn’t help a small, competitive smile. "Wait for me—don’t arrest him solo and hurt yourself."

Five minutes later, Davis stumbled out of his apartment, coughing violently and clawing at his eyes like a blind man. Laura and Jenny subdued him in seconds, handing him off to an FBI team with orders to take him to the field office.

Jenny felt a rush of satisfaction, but her competitive streak flared as she watched Davis being led away. She shot Laura a playful look. "See? We do know how to use tear gas out here in the sticks," she teased, winking.

"Oh, I know you’re brilliant," Laura agreed, stroking her cheek. "Come on—let’s head back to debrief Hopkins and Davis."

They got into the car, Jenny at the wheel. The high of the arrests—and likely saving the governor’s life—buzzed between them. Then Jenny realized she needed to pee. Not desperately, but enough to remind her of their earlier jokes. She chuckled to herself, then decided to share. "Hey, wanna hear something?" Her voice dripped with humor. "I’ve got… a situation developing. Might need a bathroom soon." She fidgeted exaggeratedly in her seat. "Bet you’re loving this, huh?"

Laura seized the moment at a red light, pulling Jenny into a passionate kiss. "Told you before, but it bears repeating," she whispered. "You’re insanely hot when you’re squirming."

"You’re awful," Jenny muttered, faux-annoyance in her voice. "I swear, you get off on the weirdest things." She side-eyed Laura, lips quirking.

"Oh, just me, is it?" Laura gazed at her with naked adoration.

Jenny’s eyes sparkled with affection and mischief. She clenched her thighs together, shifting again. "You love it. Admit it!"

Laura unbuttoned her jacket, took Jenny’s hand, and pressed it against her breast. Her nipple was stiff, palpable even through shirt and bra. "What do you think?"

*008*2025-08-18 21:48

9.

Jenny bit her lip, struggling to stay composed, and replied in a slightly shaky voice: "Well, yes, it seems like you're really enjoying this. Maybe even a little too much, don't you think?"

"I’m enjoying it too much... only because we don’t have time to play right now," Laura shot back with a mischievous smirk.

Jenny turned to Laura and confessed: "You really know how to turn me on, don’t you?" The tension in the car was palpable, and the young agent could feel her bladder growing fuller. The need to pee became more urgent, forcing her to shift slightly in her seat for relief.

"I’m very glad to hear that," Laura said softly.

They arrived at the FBI field office. The cramped space was crowded with agents coming and going—there weren’t even enough chairs for everyone. "Do we have an interrogation room?" Laura asked Jenny.

"Not exactly, but we could use the archives storage: it’s half-empty and suitably grim."

"Have Hopkins brought in immediately. We’ll question him together."

Hopkins sat across from the two agents, eyed them for a moment, then declared: "I won’t say a damn thing. I want a lawyer. And even with my lawyer present, I’ll invoke my right to remain silent."

Jenny crossed her arms, her gaze locked onto him, voice steady and authoritative: "Of course, you’re entitled to legal counsel," she acknowledged. "We’ll wait for your attorney and call you back in."

"Bring Davis in instead," Laura ordered, visibly irritated. "In place of this idiot."

Davis took his seat, legs stretched under the table, hands laced behind his head. He immediately snapped at Jenny: "What the fuck are you doing? Arresting a fellow agent? You must be out of your mind!"

Jenny hesitated for a moment, perhaps rattled by the direct accusation.

Laura intervened, her tone icy: "Special Agent José Davis, you’re charged with the federal crimes of conspiracy to assassinate a government official, attempted use of explosives, and criminal association. In short—you’re in deep shit."

Davis straightened up in his chair and muttered: "You’ve got nothing on me!"

Jenny locked eyes with Davis, this time without flinching. "Really? Well, dear colleague, I think you're mistaken. We've gathered quite a bit of evidence," she said, bluffing hard. "So I suggest you cooperate—unless you want your situation to get very uncomfortable." As she emphasized "uncomfortable," the young agent became acutely aware of her full bladder, sending waves of both irritation and pleasurable shivers through her. She shifted slightly in her chair.

"I'm not saying another word. I want a lawyer," Davis spat.

Laura and Jenny rolled their eyes but had no choice but to suspend the interrogation. Alone in the interview room, Jenny muttered, "Damn it. We're getting nowhere. And how long until their lawyers get here?" There was a subtle undertone in her words—a silent plea to Laura about her increasingly urgent need that could no longer be ignored.

Laura moved closer, kissing her firmly on the mouth. "We'll crack them," she whispered, then rested a hand on Jenny's shoulder. "You can go to the bathroom if you need to. We're at a standstill anyway."

Jenny smiled, fully aware she was toying with her own body. "I know... but I can still hold it," she murmured, voice laced with desire. "Especially with you watching me..."

Laura began tracing gentle fingers along her neck. "Fine, have it your way. Just try not to flood your pants in the office—that'd be one hell of an incident report."

"I can last at least ten more minutes," Jenny whispered, squirming subtly in her seat as she reveled in Laura's gaze. Once again, she realized how intensely aroused she became when being pampered like this—especially while desperate.

The spell shattered when Laura's phone rang. As she listened to the caller, her face drained of color. "That's impossible!" she shouted abruptly. Hanging up, she turned to Jenny in panic. "They found no explosives in the governor's suite!"

Jenny shot to her feet. "This is a disaster! That evidence was our smoking gun. Without it, our entire case collapses! We might even have to release Hopkins and Davis!"

Laura paced the cramped room, its small size denying her the long strides she craved. "Help me think, Jenny. Back in the car, I told you something didn't add up..."

"Yeah," Jenny replied, lowering herself onto a chair as her full bladder made standing unbearable. She crossed her legs tightly, thighs pressed together. "You said it was weird Davis booked Hopkins at the Hilton."

Laura froze mid-step. She threw open the door and barked at nearby agents: "Get me a floor plan of the Hilton! Now!"

Jenny sighed, briefly fantasizing about the case magically resolving so she could escape with Laura. Maybe she could hold it until they got home, where they could...

"Jenny, look!" Laura's voice snapped her back to reality. A finger stabbed at the hotel blueprint. "Hopkins' room was right next to the governor's suite!" She grabbed her phone. "Are EOD still on-site? Good! Have them sweep Hopkins' room too!"

Jenny's brow furrowed. "Why search Hopkins' room now?"

"I'll explain if I'm right," Laura deflected, her nervous energy palpable.

Jenny pouted at the brush-off but was distracted by a warm trickle escaping into her panties. A shaky gasp escaped her—equal parts pleasure and desperation. "Fuck," she whispered.

The phone rang. The room held its breath. After a brief conversation, Laura flashed a victory sign. "They found the explosives!" she shouted. "In Hopkins' room, set to detonate in one hour!"

Jenny's heart raced as conflicting emotions collided—relief, arousal, adrenaline.

Laura's demeanor shifted from frantic to triumphant. She eyed Jenny with a playful smirk. "Riddle me this: why stash the bomb in Hopkins' room instead of the governor's?" Then she noticed Jenny's flushed cheeks, the strange tension in her posture. Concern replaced teasing as she cupped her partner's face. "Hey... you okay, love?"

Jenny startled. It was the first time Laura had called her 'love'. She took a shaky breath and whispered: "Almost fine. I... slightly wet my panties."

Laura smiled, lifted Jenny's chin with her fingers, and said softly: "Go to the bathroom now, or I won't let you sit in on the next interrogation."

Jenny sprang to her feet. "Yes, I need to go," she murmured. "But don't you dare question anyone without me."

When Jenny returned, Laura glanced at her pants and whispered: "They're dry, don't worry—nothing leaked. No one will notice a thing. Except me... because now I know your panties have a cute little damp spot."

Jenny stared at her with a mix of disbelief and admiration. "You're completely insane," she muttered. Then, softening her voice: "But... did you realize you just called me 'love'?"

Laura pulled her close, cradling her face. "Yes, I called you 'love.' And it wasn't a slip. That's what you are to me." She kissed her, then added: "Now, can we focus on the case again?"

Still dazed by Laura's words, Jenny took a moment to refocus. "The explosive was powerful enough to kill anyone in both rooms—Hopkins and the Governor, right?"

"Absolutely."

"Then Davis would've found it easier to plant the bomb in Hopkins' room than the Governor's, which was heavily guarded." Jenny's eyes widened. "Wait—that's not all! Davis put Hopkins in that hotel because he wanted to blow him up with Bohrer! Two birds with one stone: eliminate a loose end and skip paying the $1.5 million!"

Laura watched her with naked admiration. "I'd only add that this way, Davis also avoided paying Hopkins. But what does that tell us, Jenny?" She was practically vibrating with excitement.

"God, what else is there?"

"Your panties are red, aren't they?"

"What?"

"Sorry, I was just picturing your damp little—"

Jenny groaned. "You need professional help! We're in the middle of a case, and you're fantasizing about my underwear?" Then she burst into laughter—a long, cathartic release. "But yes, they're red. Your spare pair, actually."

"Back to the case," Laura grinned.

"Yes, I was thinking about the case, it's you who..." She shook her head, a smile on her lips. "Anyway, listen to this: 'If Hopkins agreed to sleep at the Hilton, it means he didn't know the explosives were meant for the Governor, or at least he didn't know the attack would happen at the Hilton. What is he, stupid enough to go sleep in a room full of explosives?'"

Laura was jumping up and down, waving her fists in excitement. "Jenny, you're the best investigator in the world! Now look, I had some photos sent to me while you were in the bathroom."

The young agent took her partner's smartphone and examined the images in question. A smile made its way across her face. "Laura, do you really love me?"

"Of course I do."

"Then let me have Hopkins."

"He's all yours!"

Hopkins was brought into the small room. Jenny looked at him like a cat looks at a mouse. She remained silent for a while, to increase the tension. Then she said: "Let's pretend that you supplied explosives to a certain Davis..."

"I didn't supply explosives to anyone!"

Jenny didn't flinch: "Fine, but let's hypothesize for just a moment that you did supply them. I believe you didn't know what they were for. This would lighten your position: you wouldn't be accused of conspiracy to assassinate a government official, but only of illegal sale of explosive materials. Maximum penalty of ten years, instead of twenty."

Hopkins wavered for a moment, then reiterated. "I didn't supply..."

"Ugh, how boring!" Jenny got up from her chair, approached Laura and, cupping her hands around her ear, whispered: "By the way, the wet spot on my panties is about the size of two coins."

Laura shuddered and whispered back: "Good thing it's me, the crazy one."

"Now give me your phone."

Jenny sat back down facing Hopkins. "Look at this photo, what do you recognize?"

The explosives dealer examined it skeptically, then gave a half-smile and said: "It's simply my room at the Hilton hotel, what's unusual about it?"

Jenny took back the phone and selected another photo. It showed the hotel room again, but the bed had been moved by the bomb squad. And under the bed, clearly visible, was a powerful explosive device ready to detonate.

Hopkins took one look and said: "Well, it's still my room..." Then he looked closer, his eyes widening as he jumped to his feet: "What the fuck! That's my explosive! That bastard Davis was trying to blow me up!"

Jenny smiled. She turned toward Laura, who was watching her with such admiration that a shiver of excitement ran through the young agent's body. She refocused on Hopkins. "Sit down and tell us everything."

Hopkins talked. He provided every detail about the operation linking Brazil, Mexico, the United States, the CIA and the FBI. He even handed over his cellphone, packed with evidence against Davis.

"Just one question left, Hopkins," Jenny said. "What does the death of that poor kid from the sporting goods store have to do with all this?"

The explosives dealer shrugged: "Oh, that? That was Davis' fuck-up. He'd left the package with detonators in that store. The kid found them. Davis went to threaten him, but the boy said he wouldn't be complicit in anything shady and would go to the authorities. When the kid bought a tent and we realized he really meant to talk then disappear, we decided to kill him. Then we went to his place to retrieve the detonators."

Jenny said: "And we were already tailing you!" (Jenny remembered how Laura had wet herself at the end of that stakeout and had to suppress a smile.)

Hopkins was led away. Laura and Jenny remained alone, tired but happy. "See, my love? You solved your case!" Laura chirped.

"Yes, the case is solved," the young agent replied, pride coloring her voice. "But it was teamwork, you know? We made quite a dynamic duo."

"And quite a wet one too! But the best part of this case is that it brought me to you!"

Jenny noticed Laura sitting with her thighs clenched, rocking slightly. She approached with a gleam in her eye. "You seem a bit restless, partner. Something wrong?"

Laura answered with a smirk. "Actually, I've been holding my pee for over an hour. During the interrogation I didn't notice, but now that the adrenaline's worn off... well, I'm definitely feeling it."

"I like seeing you like this, you know." Jenny moved even closer. "Maybe you should wait a little longer before using the bathroom."

Laura replied in a sultry voice: "Well... I discovered that when I cuddle you... you 'forget' about needing the bathroom. Maybe it works on me too. Why don't you try?"

Jenny looked into her eyes: "I've got a better idea. Think you can hold it until we get to my place? Because you know, there we could have our fun away from prying eyes..."

"It'll be a challenging trip," Laura replied. "But I think it's worth the risk."

THE END

