Peed myself at the beach while pregnant 26F (first person, multiple wettings)

Author: Missylyn

*000*2021-04-04 08:40

(if you want to skip the exposition scroll down to the dotted line)

This winter my husband and I decided to take a vacation to Florida with his family, the place we went wasn’t the warmest place in Florida and because of this it was not very crowded (luckily, especially with the pandemic) at the time I was 7 months pregnant but I wasn’t too concerned with traveling because we were within a days drive of home. I already had a pretty small bladder before pregnancy (I think I might have mild overactive bladder) and the pressure of the baby has made my need to pee pretty constant. Sometimes I can hold it but sometimes I might need to pee every hour while awake, especially if she’s kicking.

I’m quite shy and had been trying to hide how often I used the bathroom by slipping in quietly during busy moments but often still had to excuse myself during dinner ect. This wasn’t much of an issue at condo we stayed in but I didn’t think to ask if there was a bathroom at the beach. (Spoiler alert, there was not) it was about a 8 ish minute walk from the beach which was nice but still out of the way enough to be annoying. We decided to go the whole day after breakfast, bring lunch, chairs, just enjoy the fresh air, and come home for dinner.

###

I wore a pretty blue sundress and straw hat with a bow that day, my hair was in a braid and getting golden from the sun. I’m a rather petit and slender person but my belly was starting to get pretty big and none of my other clothes would fit anymore. Of course I went pee right before leaving because I am prepared (haha) but about 45 minutes after leaving I started to feel that familiar pressure. We were all sipping water to stay hydrated, and it was catching up with me.

Everyone was having a good time and I didn’t want to leave so I tried to stick it out and though maybe I could make it another 30 min to not take too many bathroom breaks, but after another 15 I started to feel desperate. I didn’t want to squirm because I want to make a good impression but it felt kinda obvious that I needed to go. I politely excused myself and tried to walk up the boardwalk as gracefully as I could with an overly full bladder and swollen baby belly. The walk was painful and the movement made my bladder ache. As I got to the front door I felt my desperation go into overdrive at the thought of emptying. Since no one was around I freely crossed my legs and held myself, bouncing as I turned the key.

I awkwardly waddled to the bathroom and with the door in sight, I felt a sneeze come on. I closed my eyes and squeezed my legs tight. “Ahhhh... ahhh...ahhhh..Aahhhchoo!” This was too much for my poor body to handle as I felt a large gush in my underwear. I dashed for the toilet, feeling like I could barely hold back. As soon as I sat down I pulled my undies to the side and peed a heavy stream, sighing with relief.

My underwear was pretty soaked so I washed up my legs with water and changed them, mortified I had peed myself. There were small drips on the hallway floor I cleaned up as well.

Ch 2

I got back to the beach feeling flustered but comforted by the gentle kicking of my baby, reminding me she was happily growing inside me. I laid on a blanket with my husband and we chatted with his family and built sand castles. There was only one problem, about 30 minutes in I already needed to pee! It wasn’t unbearable but it felt so uncomfortable. My babies kicking plus my previous accident had made my bladder so sensitive and irritated, not to mention water goes straight through me but I had to keep hydrated. I tried to put it out of my mind but I could feel myself filling quickly and the urge growing stronger every minute. I was so embarrassed at the idea of excusing myself only 45 minutes after the first time, and I started thinking of ways I could make an excuse to return to the house.

I then had a brilliant idea, I decided the house was too far and I didn’t want to risk having another accident or drawing attention to my embarrassing situation. So I was going to sneak off and pee on the beach.

It was a long strip of beach as far as the eye could see. At first I though there was nowhere to hide, so it couldn’t work but I had a better idea, pee right in the water, with no one noticing.

I stood up and faked interest in looking at shells on the ground, and slowly wandered off, as I got further I picked up pace, feeling desperate from the sounds of the water and promise of relief. (Sort of excited too if you know what I mean) I made my way down until I could barely make out anything anyone was doing back at our towels. I waited for strangers to slowly pass by, bouncing from foot to foot. The urge hit me so strongly and I couldn’t hold myself so I quickly closed my knees as a tiny spurt of pee hit my dry panties. After they passed I quickly/stealthily as I could removed my underwear then waded into the water.

As soon as my toes touched cold ocean it was too much and I shuddered, feeling a warm stream begin to trickle down my leg. once the water level was almost touching the hem of my dress I turned my back to the beach and let out a forceful stream sighing a huge sigh of relief, I swear my eyes rolled back haha. I pretended to play wading in the waves to clean myself up (yay off-season!) Then put on my undies before returning to the family. The damage wasn’t too bad, a quarter sized wet patch on my panties, no one but me would know. “No shells?” My husband asked cheerfully. I laughed and said, there were some cool ones but bending down is a bit tough right now!

Ch 3

I was feeling great and slightly turned on after stealth peeing in the ocean and decided that was my perfect plan for the remainder of our vacation (it did work out for me a few more times throughout the week) however I also felt a little concerned because my bladder capacity felt smaller than ever and I had never leaked as badly as earlier, or twice in a day.

We ate a delicious lunch, had some sparkling waters, and after an hour and a half were close to packing up. My husband and his brother were off playing in the waves, and his dad was trying out a new metal detector. I stayed back with his mother relaxing in chairs and we got to talking about life, kids, random things. I always got along with her quite well.

I felt like I might want to go relieve myself in the ocean again but before I could find an excuse to wander off she suggested we start getting ready to head back. Like I said earlier I always want to make a good impression with family so I offered to help pack up and despite her insisting I relax I did some light stuff and put away food, folded blankets and that kind of thing. We finished packing and we’re waiting for the rest of the family. I didn’t want to wander off in case we left soon but I didn’t want to be rude by returning to the house early, so I sat a little longer and chatted more and squirmed a bit in my seat. The lemon from the sparkling water had irritated my bladder and I felt a few spasms that made my cross my legs.

After about 10 minutes of waiting for the family to gather again I was feeling desperate. My urge to pee was so strong and my bladder felt tired and cramped by my baby. I started to worry about having an accident if I didn’t leave soon and my face must have shown it. My mother in law peered at me and asked if I’m ok. I smiled and told her I need to pee blushing super hard as I said it.

“Aw you poor thing!” She exclaimed sympathetically, “I remember what it felt like having these two, not easy” I don’t think she realized how bad it was until a few minutes later my foot started bouncing. My bladder felt so swollen and tired, I didn’t want to move for fear my muscles might unclench. My baby gave a tiny kick and I felt my pelvic muscles release, letting out a little stream. I crossed my legs super hard and managed to stop it but not before making a small wet patch on on my butt. “I’m so sorry!” I exclaimed “but I don’t think I can hold it any longer I’m going to walk back to the house” my mother in law laughed and said smiling “no need to explain honey we will meet you there!”

My face was burning red as I walked away because I could tell there was an orange sized wet patch on the back of my dress. I got further away and with my back turned from our family and rubbed my hands on my lower belly/thighs as I tried to walk calmly, not caring if strangers saw me squirm from a distance. My arms curved around my swollen belly to reach down, wanting to badly to grab my self but hesitating. It ached with my steps and I couldn’t do anything to jolt my body too much. It felt like the end of my peehole was the only tiny gate keeping it from all steaming out.

When my bladder would spasm I’d have to stop and squeeze my legs together so hard. But 3/4 of the way home the urge hit me so strong I couldn’t stop a few short spurts from coming out. my legs shook I instinctively grabbed myself and it gushed out on the front of my dress. I felt the warmth and wetness hit my fingers, desperately trying to hold it back. That small release felt so good that I almost let out even more. But I danced from foot to foot with my knees together tight and my finger pressed right on my peehole. Somehow I stopped the spurts with little palm sized stain now on the front of my dress. I desperately searched around for a place to squat but it was all residential with small yards and busy streets. There was no parked cars on the road to duck behind, and I was too embarrassed for someone to see me pee in the street. I can make it home I told myself.

I approached the intersection right before our condo. There was no crosswalk or traffic light, but that wasn’t a problem in the daytime because it was very calm, however now... it was rush hour. I gently rocked from foot to foot waiting for a non existent break in traffic, fighting not to hold myself. After 3 minutes of agony two drivers slowed and stopped for me (yay for pregnancy) I tried to walk slowly but didn’t want to hold up traffic so I picked up the pace the best I could. My bladder was 100% at capacity, I knew I was less than 10 minutes from completely losing control and I felt a huge spurt in my underwear as I stepped on the curb, I grabbed myself, back turned to the road and somehow stopped it but not soon enough.

It overflowed and soaked the soft cotton of my panties and made the fabric of my dress saturated and heavy under my fingers the warm sensation caused me to moan in agony/pleasure at the small and fleeting relief. The wet spot on the front of my dress was larger than a grapefruit now and between my legs felt moist. A few small drops of pee trickled down my inner thighs from my saturated undies, sending shivers up my spine. I reached the front door. This had always been my trigger to feel desperate, even before pregnancy, I would do the keys in the door dance as I searched in my purse after work, no matter if I had to go 5 minutes before. This was the worst possible timing to have that problem.

I thought I had time but I suddenly felt mere seconds away from uncontrollably pissing myself. I desperately held my crotch, legs crossed wiggling and squirming bouncing myself up and down as my other hand searched for the keys in my purse. The bathroom was one door down from the exit. I can make it I can make oh my god I moaned where are my keys oh my god I can’t hold it I have to go so bad where the frick are my keys I’m not gonna make it. My fingers felt my keys and as I triumphantly pulled them out of the bag I felt the seal break in my pants, with a gush and warm trickle, the keys slipped and fell onto the ground.

I knew there was no way I could grab them now but I still reached down. No no no ohhh ahhh I can’t hold it come on keys! I twisted and squirmed and did all I could to hold back but my body had enough and my need to pee was so strong I was completely overwhelmed. I let out a huge moan as I felt my pee burst out and my throbbing bladder release itself full force into my undies. I could feel a huge uncontrollable stream rush out of me and into my hands, quickly soaking anything in its path and steaming down my legs and onto the ground. I tried to stop, eyes closed and moaning but it was impossible my moans turned into sighs of relief as I felt the pressure rush out of me and the warmth felt quite good, my body shivered with pleasure, it felt so good to pee.

Ohhh god ahhhh my head tilted back in ecstasy and my mouth opened. I didn’t want to leave a puddle but I felt every last drop trickle out onto the the ground no matter what I did. I leaned on the wall breathing heavy and enjoying the feeling of relief and then slowly bent down to pick up my keys, now wet. I looked behind me and in the distance our family was heading back. I was so embarrassed and quickly grabbed a large bowl of water to throw on the porch. I was at least fast enough to wash away my pee with water but none the less the wet porch was a dead giveaway and they definitely caught a short glimpse of my soaked dress as I slipped into the bathroom for a shower and change of clothes. My husband asked me about it later when we were alone and comforted me, although he knows this is my fetish so he knew it wasn’t so bad for me. I was still embarrassed about people besides him knowing it happened, but at least they didn’t witness the accident and I had a little fun!

Everyone besides my husband pretended nothing happened which I honestly appreciated since that’s less embarrassing, although my mother in law was extra nice to me that night which was very sweet, and I don’t mind her knowing as much since it’s somewhat common for pregnant women.

Luckily I didn’t have any other big accidents for the rest of our vacation, I became less secretive about how often I needed to pee because it’s less embarrassing than what happens when I try to hide it! We ended up joking about how often it was and my husbands family was very accommodating and always made sure I had a place to take bathroom breaks wherever we went

I did have one or two more small leaks just from putting it off, and no one found out about (I think) I started wearing a pad. On our way home I had a large leak from drinking too much water in the car! My need to pee got a lot worse as i got closer to 9 months! Also glad to say we have a healthy baby girl now

Thanks if you read the whole story! Sorry for any typos I’m not a professional writer and wrote this in one night, just having fun : ) I may have accidentally said boyfriend and husband interchangeably, we have been married a few months but dated a very long time so it’s funny to transition what I refer to him as!

