Holding Holly

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-12-19 01:11

Holding Holly

For a so called ‘day off’ Holly didn’t seemed to stop. By 9am she was in the gym running on the treadmill in her sports leggings and thin t-shirt having had muesli for breakfast with some fresh apple juice. With her tunes from her iPod blaring she built up a sweat and finally wound down having run her usual five miles, her long blond hair sweating despite being tied back in a pony tail. Holly stepped off the treadmill and guzzled half her bottle of water before drying off with her sports towel and heading straight to her car.

No sooner was she in the door when Sparkle, her white kitten walked up to her and rubbed against her leg. She picked her up, snuggled into her and carried her into the kitchen where she placed her gently into her carrier, finished her water, and headed with her back to her car. Sparkle was due her annual jags though Holly hated the thought of her little darling hurting in any way.

Holly belted herself in to her 4 by 4 and drove the six miles to her chosen vet. Only the best for her Sparkle, regardless of cost. Once again she plugged in her trusted iPod and blasted out her tunes singing away as she drove. Holly drove around the big roundabout on the outskirts of town and indicated to come off on the busy duel carriageway not hearing the bangs and groans coming from the rear ended of her car. The first she realised was as she tried to increase speed on the faster road and hearing her car suddenly sound like a very loud motorbike. She was losing power and could hear her exhaust even over her tunes.

Holly was no mechanic. In fact she kept plastic disposable gloves in her car to use just for filling it with petrol every week because if there was one thing Holly hated it was getting dirty. The noise got louder as Holly drove and the car shuddered and failed to gain speed despite her having her foot to the floor. Holly began getting anxious as she looked for a safe place to pull over unsuccessfully. Finally a loud trailing noise and grinding followed by banging causing the vehicle to slow right down forcing Holly to press her hazard warning lights and pull the car into the side as best as she could. She leaned over and opened the glove box taking out the car manual and flicking through it as her mind tried to think what to do.

Holly phoned her dad. No answer. She phoned her brother. No answer there either. Finally she remembered that she had breakdown cover though she couldn’t remember who with. With cars zooming past her causing her car to shake she remained in the drivers seat and scrolled through her emails on her phone until she eventually found her insurance company and called them. After twenty minutes of pressing numbers then waiting she finally spoke to someone only to discover she had no breakdown cover with them and that she must have taken it out directly with a breakdown company.

By now Holly was anxious, stressed and struggling to think. She tried to remember who she might have breakdown cover with but even trying to recall the colour of her car right now seemed impossible. Reluctantly she called her ex boyfriend. He at least answered though initially he could hardly stop laughing when she told him why she was calling. At least the one positive was that he was sure she was with the AA as he had encouraged her to get signed up at a service station months ago when they met for a coffee. Holly hung up and googled the AA and finally spoke to someone. By now she’d been sitting at the side of the road almost 40 minutes with cars tooting, zooming last at speed and almost hitting her, feeling more vulnerable than she’d ever done before. And just to add to the annoyance and stress she was needing the bathroom too. At least Sparkle seemed ok as she slept soundly in her carrier on the passenger seat.

The AA were very helpful and told Holly to get out of her car via the passenger side and wait for assistance, something they said she should have done as soon as she pulled over. At least out of the vehicle Holy could see for herself what colour her car was and read her registration plate. Holding Sparkle’s in her glittery branded carrier she walked over the barrier at the side of the road and watched as the traffic raced past. Thankfully it wasn’t particularly cold or dark, just an average late spring Wednesday morning, though she still wished she’d kept her sheepskin shawl in the boot rather than in a drawer at home.

Holly stood and waited. She called the vet and cancelled her appointment noticing as she did that part of the underside of her precious car had fallen off. She walked a little closer realising it was her exhaust pipe though at a complete loss to know what it did never mind how to fix it. She stood back again crossing her legs.

Another ten minutes past and Holly was getting impatient. She was bored, annoyed and needing a wee. She wasn’t used to being stranded and didn’t like it.

She called the AA back and they reassured her they would be with her soon. She called her dad and left a message. He would have rescued his princess right away had he known about the situation. Holly was used to being rescued, especially by men. Her dad wouldn’t want her standing at the side of a busy duel carriageway with her tight sports leggings on, her expensive trainers and her sports t-shirt. He wouldn’t want her darling kitten to be in danger nor would he be happy at his daughter needing a wee in public.

But he wasn’t here. He didn’t know and there was nothing he could do.

Holly looked around. She’d never in her life did a wee outside let alone at the side of a ridiculously busy road. She had tight leggings on revealing every contour of her thighs and legs but which took quite some effort to pull down to empty her bladder. Perfect for exercising but not so perfect when really needing to go.

Holy paced a little, not daring to ever let go of the kitten carrier. She crossed her legs leaning on the fragile fence that bordered the fields by the side of the road. No bushes or trees or even buildings in sight. Open, light and in full view, perfect, Holly thought, to keep her safe but frustrating when you really wanted a wee and were trying not to show it.

Time passed and finally Holly’s phone rang. The AA were on their way but would be another 15 minutes yet. Holly was grateful but getting a little concerned as her bladder continued to moan for relief. She continued moving and pacing and willing time to move quicker.

Finally the AA van pulled up behind Holly’s car and a handsome red haired mechanic jumped out. He shook Holly’s hand, introduced himself, then walked over towards Holly’s car.

Holly walked behind him, still holding the cat carrier though finding standing still increasingly hard.

‘So you heard a bang and crunching mam?’

‘Yes I think so’

‘It must have made such a noise. You’re entire exhaust has broken mam. This car isn’t drivable at all.’

‘Oh. So what happens now?’

‘That depends on your policy mam. If you hold on I’ll go check for you.’

Holly watched as he returned to his van, climbed in and closed the door. Holly continued to move from one foot to the other, her body feeling the chill now and her bladder annoyingly pressing constantly for relief.

The mechanic climbed out the van again and, guiding Holly towards the field, he finally told her the good news.

‘You have full cover mam. So you have some options. You can be towed to the nearest approved garage or we can tow you home or to your destination. Whatever you prefer mam.’

Holly tried to think, though it wasn’t easy with a bladder constantly trying to push her to think of it and nothing else. Peeing dominated her thoughts now and she based her decision solely on which option might get her to a toilet quickest. The problem was she didn’t know where the nearest garage was so she asked whilst bouncing on her toes.

‘Where would the nearest garage be and would they have...’

Before Holly could finish her sentence the mechanic was googling on his phone.

‘Two miles away mam’

Holly suddenly wondered how she might get home with Sparkle.

‘So would you drop my car there and they give me another 4 by 4 and I get that instead? Like a new one? That’s how it works is it?

‘No mam. It’s just a local garage and you’d have to make your own onward transport arrangements from there I’m afraid. However as I said we can tow you home or to your destination if that’s preferable. I’ve already called for more assistance.’

A surge of fear combined with a very sudden, urgent even, need to void her bladder overcame Holly as she bent forward a little and crossed her legs.

‘More assistance?’

‘Yes mam.I’m roadside assistance and this breakdown requires a pick up truck which is now on its way. If I towed your vehicle in this state I’d cause more damage unfortunately. I’ll remain with you until he arrives though mam. You won’t be left alone so don’t worry.’

It wasn’t the thought of being left alone that worried Holly. It was her ever increasing need to wee that was her most pressing concern and the one thing she just couldn’t stop thinking about. Now she wouldn’t be alone it would be even harder to hide too.

‘For both our safety mam it would be better if we stood by the field edge. The lorry shouldn’t be too long hopefully’

Holly walked over behind the AA employee still holding the cat carrier tightly.

‘Have you decided where you would like us to take you yet mam?’

Holly desperately, urgently, wanted to reply, ‘a toilet!’ but she couldn’t bring herself to be so brash.

Back against the fence to the field she held Sparkle’s carrier in front of her legs as she moved them constantly to help her hold.

‘I have an emergency blanket in the van if you are cold mam?’

‘Em....yes that would be nice thanks.’

As the mechanic walked to his van with his back to Holly, despite the fact passing traffic could see her every move, Holly hid herself with the car carrier as she marched on the spot and held herself. Her brain kept bringing up image after image of bathrooms, public toilets, even port a loos taunting her in her desperate need. She’d been bursting for ages now and hiding her need was getting very difficult indeed. There was little point in telling anyone though since there was simply nowhere to go anyway.

The AA man returned with a foil silver emergency blanket and wrapped it over Holly’s shoulders as she kept on moving. She paced a bit under the pretence of being cold but actually just trying to keep her bladder at bay. She couldn’t have the mechanic see her pee herself. She had to keep holding.

It was twenty minutes before the pick up lorry arrived by which time Holly couldn’t stand still. Frustratingly she still had to wait while her vehicle was safely loaded on and strapped in which took another ten minutes, delayed by the chatter of both mechanics.

Holly was beside herself. She couldn’t relax as every muscle in her body tensed to hold her bladder at bay. Tears were forming at the back of her eyes and her toes curled in her expensive trainers. Holly was harassed, stressed, desperate even, yet trying to stay dignified regardless. She was failing in the latter as she bend one leg in front of the other, twisted her thighs and bounced around like a toddler on a sugar high.

Finally she was called over, helped into the front of the tow truck and strapped in with the cat carrier on the seat beside her.

‘So it’s 26 Forrester Way is it?’

Holly could only nod her head as she wriggled in the seat as yet another spasm hit.

‘’Are you ok there? It’s just a couple of miles so we should be there in less than ten minutes now. Do you have a garage or a driveway I could drop your car into?’

Holly tried to think as her entire mind and body struggled to focus on something other than her bladder. With the silver emergency blanket over her knee she pushed a hand between her legs and squeezed as much as she could against her damp warm crotch.

‘A...a...driveway’

‘Perfect’

He pulled out onto the traffic waving to his colleague in his mirror.

‘Five minutes’ Holly whispered to herself. ‘You can do this’

Holly’s fingers pressed and circled against her throbbing urethra through her leggings and underwear. She couldn’t recall ever being this bursting for a wee in her life. Nothing was stopping the constant pulses and spasms though as she constantly wriggled around uncomfortably in the seat.

As the driver indicated at the very roundabout where Holly’s exhaust had fallen off Holly bent forward gasping.

‘Are you ok there?’

‘I....I think...I think I’m going to pee myself!’ Holly cried.

‘Oh. It’s just a few miles to your house too.’

‘I...I...can’t wait that long’

Holly felt a leak. The warm and wetness hitting her fingers as she frantically rubbed between her legs despite the fact it wasn’t having much effect now.

‘Oh God. It won’t stop. It just won’t.’

‘Oh that’s awful. You must have been waiting at the road far too long were you?’

‘Ye...yes I was. I’m trying to stop. Honestly I am. Oh I just can’t do this! No! No! You can see it on my leggings! No this can’t be happening. I need to stop this...’

‘Oh dear. Have you had to go a while then? Henry never said when he called me you know. Is my seat wet?’

‘I don...don’t know! Oh I just HAVE to wee. I’m so sorry. What...what time is it...oh....’

It’s 24 minutes past twelve mam.’

‘Oh God! I was meant to be at the vets for 10:15. I’ve been...sooo....oh God I REALLY need the toilet so much! I’m leaking again...oh help! Oh God I’ve never been so bursting in my life! I was standing at the roadside for hours...no! It won’t stop...fuck it’s like running down the inside of my leggings now...I’m holding as much as I can.’

Holly was full on pressing between her legs with both hands, sweating, rubbing and rocking in the front passenger seat. Every word, every sentence, was perpetuating with gasps, sighs and endless fidgeting and sobs.

‘This is so...embarrassing. I did try holding..,honestly...oh Shit..,it’s dripping out steady...two fucking hours I’ve been bursting! Two hours. I can’t...I can’t do this any longer.’

Holly sat perfectly still as a loud hissing noise filled the otherwise silent pickup truck just as the lorry turned its engine off outside her house.

The driver undid his seatbelt and looked at Holly with compassion but amazement.

‘Would you like a hand to get inside?’

‘Yes. Yes I think I would please’

The AA driver walked beside Holly as they walked down the path and until she was safely inside he remained with her. While she changed and cleaned up he unhooked her car and carefully unloaded it from the transportation, placing it neatly and with care on her driveway.

Only then did he ring her bell to get a form signed.

Holly answered, relieved and smiling and after signing the form she rather spontaneously gave the driver a peck on the cheek.

‘Thanks for helping me’

‘No problem. That’s my job mam’

He walked down the path smiling and knowing he’d never forget the time a beautiful woman pissed herself in his cab. He couldn’t wait to feel the passenger seat and smell it too.

