Long Meeting

Author: MagiYumi

*000*2025-07-18 12:00

My name is Jane, I’m 30 years old, white with copper brown hair that falls just beyond my shoulders, height about 5 '7. I work a pretty standard corporate job in a busy city. I’m a senior manager for our company's marketing department and we had an important staff meeting planned as the senior manager. It was my job to head this meeting and I’d planned for it weeks in advance.

The meeting was scheduled for 11:00 AM. This is important because that’s normally when I go for my morning pee before I officially start my shift. If I miss that spot then I have to hold it until my afternoon break at 2:00 PM. So obviously I was a little annoyed with this disruption to my schedule, but I wasn’t too worried about it. I told myself that I’d just show up to work 15 minutes earlier, so I’d have the time to pee and make it to the meeting.

The day of, I was met with my first sign of trouble, rain. Like previously stated, I live in a busy city, and busy city plus rain equals traffic. I’d left my house 20 minutes earlier than normal to try and counter it but I still ended up in the office with just a few minutes to spare before the meeting. But okay “this was still doable” I thought to myself. I could quickly run to the bathroom and make it back and only start the meeting behind schedule by 3 minutes tops.

And that’s when I was hit with my second obstacle of that day. Someone from higher up on the corporate ladder would be observing the office today. Sudden visits from corporate often meant that they were looking for reasons to fire or demote staff, and showing up to a pre-scheduled meeting late was definitely the kind of thing that got filed away under “legal reasons to quickly write this person up.” So now both my main and backup plans were squashed leaving me with the inevitable. There would be no time for the morning pee.

And maybe on a normal day this wouldn’t have been so bad. Sure it was less than ideal, but I could always just wait until after the meeting. But like I said, I was held up in traffic and I tend to get thirsty when I drive for long periods of time so I had gotten through more than half a water bottle. Combine that with my morning coffee, the blasting office AC unit, and the mild dampness on my from the rain, means my urge to pee was already higher than normal.

I entered the meeting room at around a 7.5 on the urgency scale and quickly made my way to my seat. Sitting down gave me some momentary relief as I was able to cross my legs without the others noticing, but it was short lived as pretty soon everyone else had arrived and I had to stand to begin the presentation. As I stood I felt a drop of pee leak out onto my panties but did my best to ignore it and remain calm.

Now for most of my childhood I’d struggled with mild social anxiety, specifically when it came to public speaking, and I’d spent a lot of time training myself to manage it and keep my nerves from coming out in my voice. Never in my life had I been more grateful for acquiring those skills than right this moment. The 7.5 quickly transformed into an 8.5 and my bladder was aching for relief, small drops of pee leaking out every few seconds, but none of them were showing on my outer appearance.

I’d been wearing a long skirt today due to all my pants being in the laundry pile, at first that had annoyed me due to it meaning that I'd be forced to wear dress shoes (not ideal for rainy weather) in order to keep up with workplace dress code, but it actually ended up being my saving grace. Due to the loose fabric I was able to do a light leg cross the entire time while standing. Enough to keep the incoming torrent at bay and alleviate a bit of pressure on my bladder.

About 20 minutes into this 35 minute long meeting I felt my blander spasm and an uncontrollable jet of pee spurted out along with a gasp that I quickly disguised as a yawn even giving a small stretch (or a much as I could manage without having to uncross my legs) to sell it. The wet warmth against my pussy instantly brought me to a 9.5 and another jet of pee forced its way out. Once again I was grateful for the skirt as I was certain that any pants I could have worn would be sporting visible wet spots by now.

By now I was swaying in place doing my best attempt at a professional potty dance, desperately fighting back the urge to shove my hands down my crotch. My mouth was moving on auto pilot while my mind swirled around the same thoughts.

‘I’m so close to pissing myself, how much longer is this meeting?’

‘The feeling of wetness just makes me want to let it all go.’

‘Please let me hold it, please let me hold it!’

Those three statements repeated back to back and were the only real thoughts I had left. The sound of the rain against the windows was also not helping and felt like a divine punishment the way it kept encouraging me to let it all go.

By some miracle I managed to make it to the end of the meeting without an accident. As everyone else was dismissed I stood in place eyeing the door. My heart was pounding and my brain was begging me to make a dash for the nearest restroom, but I knew the corporate shadow would ask me to stay for a bit longer for a few quick questions. Mustering up the will power I slowly inched towards my chair to grab my purse.

‘You’re almost there,’ I thought ‘Just 5 more minutes and then everything will be over.’

I was teetering on the edge of a 10 as he spoke every second filled with more drops of pee dampening my panties. It felt like he was intentionally taking up my time and apparently my brain held on to that five minute promise far too literally as a huge spurt gushed out of me. This one wasn’t just soaked up by my panties and started to trail down my thighs with a few droplets getting onto the carpet.

I was about to interrupt and make my need known but just after that he let me go. I walked out of the office clenching my blander all the way. As I stepped into the hall to catch my breath the internal alarm bells went off. This was the event horizon, I wasn’t going to be able to hold it in anymore, if I didn’t reach the toilet in the next few seconds I'd full on piss myself.

I quickly power walked (running would have been too dangerous) to the nearest restroom. It was just a few doors down the hall. Every step was accompanied with a hot spurt of pee filling my panties and trailing down my thighs.

‘Just hold it in another second. Just hold it for another second.’ I mentally screamed at myself, but my bladder had other ideas and just kept spurting.

I slammed open the restroom door and rushed inside. The mental relief of finally making it there caused my muscles to relax for just a second, but that second was all that my body needed. A powerful jet of pee forced its way out with a hiss and splattered onto the floor. There was no holding back at this point, I knew nothing I could do would make the stream stop.

Thinking quickly I hiked up my skirt with one hand and pulled my panties aside with the other and just fully let go. My piss hit the floor full force, with the same noise you get from turning a faucet at full blast, and a let of a sigh of relief that sounded obscene. I peed for a full 2 minutes each second of it feeling almost orgasmic.

Eventually the well ran dry and I was left standing in my own puddle of shame. I quickly looked around the restroom and I saw that it was thankfully empty. With another relieved sigh I slid my panties back into position. They were wet, but not as wet as they would have been if I hadn’t moved them. Taking care not to slip on the puddle I made my way over to the sink mirror. My skirt was in the clear, as long as I lifted it before sitting it wouldn’t get wet.

I grabbed a paper towel from the dispenser and rank some sink water over it before wiping down my legs and shoes before tossing it in the trash bin. I walked towards the door doing my best to step over the puddle I'd left and returned to work fully recharged and smelling only mildly of pee.

