Karen's Karma - Page 3

Author: Mickey

*051*2019-01-23 16:49

@ola93

Ah, that.

The volumes are not per cup/glass/can. They are the totals - would have said each otherwise, or added the volumes beside the 'unit', not at the end I'm guessing conventions differ where you're from!

Beer cans are only available in 500mL here, though bottles come in 350mL and 750mL (don't ask) - which is why I specifically went with cans. Wine glasses, as per Google are 175ml on average - I'm taking 'em at their word. Water glasses are between 200 to 300mL here, so averaged out to 250mL.

And that is how it comes to ~1.5L (or exactly 1.6L)

*058*2019-02-05 12:09

@ola93

- Glad that's cleared up! :-D And I used the term convention loosely - I don't think there is a formal convention defined somewhere on this? I meant what's usual in my culture as well. The internet throws up interesting examples of cultural barriers sometimes ...

@luckymon2

- Aww! Thanks so much for writing that absolutely lovely comment! Your feedback always encourages me to write more.

Thanks to the positive feedback I have gotten on my stories, I finally got the confidence to try my hand at writing stories in a fictional world. 'Shalin City' is in the works right now - I hope that'll hit many of your kinks too. The world will have a lot of people knowingly delaying trips to the bathroom, bladders gradually filling through a long day, and people being forced to squirm and watch as their significant others/best friends gets relief first.

The first story in that world will be male only though - with a couple throwaway references to desperate women. I'll hope you still read it, because the other ideas I have for this world are double desperations, and the first one will set it all up :)

*059*2019-02-05 12:15

@Wombat48

- Hah! Welcome to the club.

I am also surprised at just how much fun double desperations are. For my next post, I am doing male-only - mostly because I want to do some world building there, and putting two desperate characters was just cluttering the damn thing up. But I couldn't help putting in a few references to desperate women - because just knowing there is a desperate woman around the achingly desperate man arouses me!

Well, I guess it was a really good thing that I longed to attract views and so decided to insert female desperation in to my writing

@Melificentfan

- Thank you for cheering me along! I really appreciate you leaving a comment on each chapter!

*060*2019-02-05 12:20

@SAM996

- I am glad to know you enjoyed it! I actually started writing a story based on two of your other prompts, but then got in to writing about dystopian worlds ... I will get back to them some day!

@LOLC2k

- Thank you for letting me know you liked my writing! I am very happy to know female-only folks are enjoying my writing

