12 months of desperate workers

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-05-05 23:31

This is a new series of stories of various workers who really need to pee. This first one is about male desperation but there will be an equal amount of female over the series.

Here’s the first one:

January. The carpet fitter

Jason had worked at Fantastic Floorings since leaving school, before if you include work experience. The company was in the family and since Jason hadn’t any other ideas of what he wanted to do in life for now it paid the bills.

At 26 he already rented his own place, even if it was small. He drove a company owned van and worked long hours, especially since the money was handy and so many others in the company now had families.

January was traditionally a dry month in his field of work; as with most retail companies people had little money or motivation in winter right after Christmas. Even with the traditional January sale he usually found himself home earlier than usual or having a pint with his friends at the pub after work at this time of year. This month though was the exception. This month the company had successfully won a bid for a local housing development to lay flooring on 124 new properties all with entry dates in late January and early February. Jason had never had a busier month, which meant sacrifices had to be made; less time to see mates, less time for banter during work and often working through lunch and breaks. Long hours but good pay, and Jason was wise enough to know it was worth doing his best work as future contracts like this could make or break a small family business such as Fantastic Floorings.

It was Thursday of week one. Already Jason and his partner Kyle had laid linoleum in three kitchens, four bathrooms and carpeted one whole four bedroom house! Days were starting at 8am and finishing up to 12 hours later but the job satisfaction was worth it and Jason and Kyle worked well together. Today they were working on an apartment block of six identical flats all needing complete flooring from one end to the other. Jason could feel his back ache already and he’d only just arrived onsite.

It was still dark and he was relieved to find the electrics had already been installed so lighting wasn’t going to be an issue. He unlocked the back of his van and, together with Kyle, they unloaded rolls of carpets, linoleum and tools and placed them throughout the flat ready to start. It was now almost 9 and already Jason was sweating despite the flats having no heating on as the boiler was yet to be turned on. On his final run to the van Jason grabbed his travel mug and finished a full mug of coffee in minutes. The caffeine and warmth gave him an immediate boost and he agreed with his partner that the linoleum was by far the best to begin with to allow the glue time to dry.

As they measured the bathroom, en-suite and kitchen to check one last time Jason felt a tiny twinge in his bladder. Nothing to worry about though so he carried on and by mid morning the first bathroom, en-suite and kitchen all had flooring. They needed time to dry but both Jason and Kyle took a much needed break in the van and both drank a can of cola and had a snack. Jason felt another small tingle at his penis but laughing and joking with his colleague and mate took his mind off it quickly. They decided to make a start on the carpets sensibly deciding to work backwards from the furthest away room which happened to be the main lounge.

Once back inside the flat Jason felt another twinge between his legs but the fact the linoleum was still drying and the fact he had seen both toilets taped up with the usual ‘do not use’ builders tape he decided to carry on and drive to the local supermarket during their lunch break. He could hang on until then quite comfortably. After a quick final measure the lads rolled out the light brown carpet and on their hands and knees set about hammering it into place securely.

Bending on his hands and knees wasn’t helping Jason and soon another twinge hit. On the opposite side of the room facing away from his friend Jason took a moment to give himself a quick pinch as his need began to increase. He resolved that after this room he would suggest they stopped for lunch and he would endeavour to find a loo somewhere nearby. The radio was playing and the music served as a welcome distraction as Jason continued to work around the floor making sure it was all secured in place and cut to size where required.

Another wave and another quick pinch and Jason was just about to shout over to Kyle that he could do with a ‘stretch and a break’ when Kyle’s phone went and Jason had little choice but to continue working. The boys had a great system where they began together in the room at opposite sides and worked their way towards each other until the entire carpet was fitted. With Kyle now on the phone Jason was fast approaching the half way point at which they usually met but, ever the professional, he carried on until he came to where Kyle had finished. Kyle ended his call and apologised though Jason just laughed knowing full fell he had taken many a call before and left colleagues to do more than usual. Laughing wasn’t such a good idea though as Jason realised how bad he had to pee. Despite working with Kyle for months he still somehow felt embarrassed to admit his need. Instead he decided on another tact.

‘God my backs sore after that. What do you reckon to breaking for lunch? We should easily get the rest if this one done before we finish?’

‘Yeah I was going to suggest the same mate. I’m sweating and bloody starving!’

They headed to the van and Jason started driving.

‘You want Tesco mate or McDonald’s or Greggs? I’m easy.’

‘Oh that was Tam in the phone earlier. They’re in the houses at the top of the site and he said there a great burger van they have found just in the estate across from the top of here. He said they do a fab all day breakfast. I could so go a roll with bacon. Let’s try there. He said you cross the main road, do,low signs for the industrial estate and it’s on your right. Sounds near enough eh?’

Jason loved a good burger van and needed little convincing. Despite his full bladder his empty stomach was rumbling too and he was sure to find a public toilet nearby somewhere?

They found the van easily and parked up. There was a steady queue but it moved quickly enough though Jason found himself stepping from foot to foot and using his hand in his pocket to hold when needed. He really was needing to pee now and before heading back to the flats he would definitely need to find one. First though he had a roll with chips to eat and a bottle of water. His belly was grateful fir the food even if his bladder wasn’t so thankful for the water. The men sat in the works van earring with the radio on and chatting on and off. Jason was tempted to mention his need but felt socially awkward about it. It was getting stronger and stronger though and quite bothersome and distracting. He had to think of some excuse to go into the local supermarket so he could take a leak.

‘Kyle I think that glue from the linoleum is affecting me again. I’ve got a bit of a headache so I’ll just nip to Tesco before we head back to work and get some aspirin, ok?’

‘Sure thing.’

Jason had finished his food and consumed about half his water when another urge to Lee hit him hard. He used his hand to push his penis through his trousers hoping Kyle hadn’t noticed. Oh he needed to piss a lot so he fastened his seat belt and started the van towards Tesco. As they approached the first set if traffic lights Kyle’s phone went again. Jason could hear the call though his attention was more on holding his bladder and driving than anything else.

‘Sure thing boss. We’ll be back at the flats in a matter of minutes. We only nipped out for lunch. Of course you can inspect anytime. We only have the bedrooms and hallways to go and that’ll be the first completed. Yes of course we’ll have that completed by the end of today. See you soon.’

‘Change of plans mate. We need to head back to the flats right now. Big Doug needs to do an inspection with the head of procurement. This being our first contact and all that they want to see how we are going. Sure you can nip out for those painkillers after they’ve been. I’m sure you’ll be fine.’

Jason wasn’t so sure. He was rather desperate for the gents but with no other choice he headed back to the site to meet his boss. His bladder would just need to wait.

Back on site they could see the biases van in the car park so not wanting to make a bad impression the lads raced back to the flat and began laying carpet in the first bedroom. Unlike the square lounge this bedroom was an awkward shape and required the pee-measured carpet tube cut to fit. Jason was struggling to stand still and sitting on the floor was putting more pressure on his already overworked bladder. He was just about to try a tap in the bathroom to see if the water was on so he could use the toilet when his boss walked in with someone with him. Jason shook hands, waited to be introduced whilst standing cross legged then followed the men as they looked around to inspect the work so far.

Opening the bathroom door and looking right at the toilet made Jason squirm and he had no choice but to briefly grab himself to avoid a leak. He so needed to piss but his heart sank as the head of procurement rabbeted on about how the electrics were complete, plumbing complete and plasterwork all dry but yet the water supply company hadn’t yet turned on the water to the properties meaning final checks on bathrooms, sinks and showers and even washing machines could not be done just yet. Without stepping on the flooring he continued to talk about how it would at least allow the flooring to dry before anyone was using the toilets or sinks. Jason bent forward a little at this and his legs twisted around him in absolute desperation. Kyle had carried on fitting carpet as the men looked into the main room and then kitchen and followed quickly behind Jason into the room where Kyle was now on his knees hammering carpet in.

‘Looking great lads. Keep up the good work and I’ll come check when this flat is finished. ‘

Big Doug and his suited companion left and as the door closed Jason grabbed his member before he leaked and pee danced back to the room Kyle was working in. He had to piss so so badly he was afraid of having an accident on the posh cream bedroom carpet his friend was laying.

‘Sorry Kyle. I’ll be back in a minute mate. I really really need to find a bathroom. God do I need to piss so bad. I’ve been bursting to go for ages and it’s an emergency.’

Kyle looked up at his mate who was dancing and holding himself like a little child.

‘Just use the toilet mate. What’s the problem.’

‘There’s no running water! They haven’t turned it on. Oh what am I going to do. I’m on the verge of pissing myself.’

‘Oh. I didn’t know about the water. You gonna head to Tesco or something then?’

‘I can....can’t drive mate. Oh my God it’s leaking. I’m gonna wet myself. I’ll piss myself before I get to the van. It’s that bad mate. Honest.’

Jason unhooked his trousers and slipped his hand inside his waistband while he gripped his throbbing and leaking penis as hard as he could.

Kyle looked at his mate with compassion and grabbed him by the arm leading him to the en-suite shower.

‘Just go there Jas. Seriously.’

Jason had no choice as another spurt shot out into his boxers. He pulled his penis out, not caring that Kyle was watching and allowed himself to relax as warm urine shot rapidly out of his penis and landed in the shower tray. As his body relaxed the stream continued on and on with Kyle still watching.

‘God you really must have been busting mate. That’s a shit load of piss!’

‘I was mate. I really was. God that feels so much better. I can actually think again!’

*004*2019-05-09 23:23

February: Florist delivery driver

January and February were sobering months for Skye as she delivered more to funeral directors and hospitals than to private houses. Cold weather, the abundance of viruses and infections and an ageing population meant more and more of her florist deliveries left her feeling a little sad. Thankfully the odd retirement or birthday or new baby would intersperse her day just enough to keep her blues at bay. Skye loved her job, driving with her favourite tunes on, meeting people, bringing smiles often and even the odd kiss or cuddle when people weren’t expecting a flower delivery.

Although the van had a cooler to keep the flowers and gifts as fresh as possible her day was usually split roughly into two with morning deliveries, then back to the shop for a break before afternoon deliveries before returning to the shop before closing and driving her own car home. She could never predict where she would be going but one thing she could predict was that one day would always be her busiest all year: Valentine’s Day!

Today was that day.

Skye woke with an excitement and anxiety combined. She knew today would be busy with little time for chatter between jobs and possibly a very rushed lunch too. She poured her heated soup into her flask with her bread and butter and biscuits and two bottles of water. She finished her cereal and mug of tea and headed out to work with a spring in her step.

There was a real buzz about the florists today. Bunting hanging outside, a full shop of newly made bouquets and baskets of every colour imaginable and the smell was so beautiful and calming. Everyone was busy even before the shop opened and Skye was greeted by Freddy with a quick ‘good morning’ and handed a long list of addresses.

‘It’s all ready darling over there. I know it’s a lot but you know what today is like. I’ve put them in time order for you. I’m sure you’ll make plenty people smile like you always do Skye. See you later. Any problems just call.’

In the three years Skye had worked for Fred she’s never had to call but he always reminded her she could. She carried bouquet after bouquet out to the van at the rear of the shop smiling at the added teddies, hidden rings and large vases. How she wished someone special would surprise her one day with sweet beautiful flowers. 20 deliveries all to get completed before 12. Wow. She hoped the traffic would be in her favour. She was about to do a final trip back to use the small unisex toilet when she noticed Fred nip in and she thought she really had better set off otherwise she’d never get the flowers out.

Her first call was to a young mum who answered in her pyjamas with a baby in her arms and two other children by her feet. Skye loved seeing the glint in the young mums eye as she received some traditional roses. Next was a busy office with a surprise for someone called Donna who was equally delighted with her big bouquet with a little teddy bear. Skye was making good time thankfully and before leaving she had a quick sip of her water. Onto her third which was another residential address in a new build estate with more speed bumps than Skye liked! She had to go so slow over them as her deliveries were precious and some contained water that she didn’t want spilled.

Going over the speed bumps seemed to shake things a bit in her bladder too and Skye wished she’d had a chance to pee before starting her busy day. Thankfully the bell was answered quickly and Skye could get on her way. The order of deliveries seemed so disjointed and disorganised to Skye who would much rather have done them in geographic order to make best use of her time and fuel. However, clients often requested times, on Valentine’s Day especially, and Skye understood that sometimes she just had to admit life was a bit illogical and get on with it.

Thankfully the fourth and fifth deliveries were both in a local industrial estate with one handed directly to the delighted recipient and the other safely left at a front office. It was now almost ten am and Skye was a bit more aware she could use a toilet break but for now she could wait. Her next one was a little awkward as the shop was inside a small shopping centre so Skye had to park in a multi-storey car park and walk through the shops to the right one. As she passed the ladies she thought momentarily about going in quickly but time just wasn’t on her side and she was now running behind. She had no time to spare at all but she knew, for now, she could wait.

The morning continued with deliveries to a local college, a sheltered housing complex, a gym, a school and even the library! The loveliest one was a warehouse where she could see an eager face waiting outside having a smoke nervously. He smiled and winked at Skye as she buzzed entry and he followed her while the office used the intercom to call Prevena down. As the beautiful Indian girl arrived the young man took the bouquet from Skye and knelt on one knee proposing to his girlfriend in front of everyone in the warehouse. Skye joined in the round of applause caught up in the moment but with her legs crossed hoping to escape back to work as soon as she could. As she headed out she once again saw a bathroom sign and she momentarily paused thinking she could ask to use it before carrying on.

Then she remembered just how many deliveries she still had to do and she changed her mind and rushed back to the van. A quick check of the time and her sheet and it was now just after 11:15. She was late for two different orders now so she quickly strapped herself in and set off. One was a residential house but no-one answered as Skye stood holding a vase of roses and moving from foot to foot. Her need to pee was steadily increasing now and the cold air wasn’t helping. After a few minutes she tried a neighbour and finally managed to get someone to take the delivery from her. Next was the other side of town and Skye patted her thighs at each red light and delay. She should be heading back to the shop for lunch now but she still had six outstanding deliveries to do! She was tired, thirsty, hungry and could really use a visit to the ladies. None of those were able to be sorted immediately though.

Finally she arrived and thankfully another recipient was delighted with her surprise and Skye could rush back, this time to a restaurant! Parking was proving difficult as the restaurant was full of couples out celebrating a valentines lunch together. Finally Skye pulled in, though it was double yellow lines. She was in a hurry though! She opened the back of the van and found the right bouquet, this time a lovely bright basket of mixed seasons flowers and she checked the name. She opened the door to the restaurant looking around for a member of staff she could hand the delivery to so she could get back to her van but even when she found one they were reluctant to take the flowers off her as they were not for any member of staff.

The waitress had to call management and Skye found herself standing at the reception suddenly really needing to go to the bathroom quite bad. She had nowhere to put the flowers and no chance of going and no ability to even give herself a quick hold to help! She moved from leg to leg anxiously and crossed her legs as best she could internally begging the manager to come as she was bursting! Time seemed to drag in when finally someone returned saying they had looked at customer bookings and it appeared the flowers were for a customer who had since left! Skye wanted to scream but politely left apologising for her delay in getting there and ran back to her van, embarrassed and annoyed. At least she could escape a parking ticket even if she was returning a paid for order! Four more to go and already now 12:20.

Skye had some more of her water but immediately regretted it. ‘Oh I really need to pee’ she muttered to herself as she fidgeted behind the wheel and held herself before driving off. As luck would have it all four final deliveries that morning were to local houses. The first another young mum, the second a couple in their thirties, the third a businesswoman who looked like she was just home on her lunch break and the final one a bemused young student who wanted to take a selfie with Skye for her Instagram! By now Skye could hardly control herself, bouncing her knee, fidgeting at door steps and pee dancing getting flowers from the boot. She only hoped the student hadn’t seen her grab between her legs as she took the selfie! It was now ten minutes to one and Skye could not wait to get back to the shop to have a super quick lunch and a desperately longed for pee. She could barely recall the last time she’d been this bursting!

She pulled into the rear of the shop to find Fred outside with bouquets, baskets and vases lined up ready. He seemed in a great mood. Business was booming and he was keen for his reputation to remain strong and all the afternoon deliveries to be started. Skye was anxious to please but knew she had to pee before she did anything else or she would honestly wet herself.

‘How did you do lovely? Any proposals this year?

‘Just one. And one return. Can I tell you more in a minute?’

‘Just tell me while we load these ones in. I have warned customers we can’t be as strict with times today due to our workload but we do aim to please. Right Skye I’ve got all these in order again. One is in a high rise flat so you need an entry code. I’ve stuck a post it on your sheet with it on. Oh and there’s one for the hospital but they aren’t sure what ward so I said you would just check when you got there. That all clear enough? Skye, are you ok?’

Skye had been trying to listen and load the van as best she could though she really could not stop dancing, bouncing, crossing her legs and bending forward. She knew she must have looked a sight but she was so close to wetting herself she couldn’t help it.

‘Sorry Fred. I’ve been so busy I’ve not been to the toilet since I woke up. I’m absolutely bursting for the loo. I need to run!’

Skye dropped her basket and pushed a hand between her leg and ran for the back door which had now closed. She banged the door but with the shop continually busy the other staff never heard.

‘Fred. You got your key? I’m dying for the loo and the doors gone and shut!’

‘Oh of course lovely! Goodness you must be in so much need. Just a minute.’

‘So what was that return you were going to tell me about?’

‘Just a minute. You’re really going to need to let me pee first. I’m about to burst!’

Fred opened the door and waited as Skye ran into the small toilet. He needed to know about that return but he also enjoyed hearing the huge long pee Skye was doing and he couldn’t help but feel quite an excitement as he heard her sigh loudly while her pee continued to come. In all his years working with Skye he was always amazed how few times she used the toilet and he always hoped one day she might call him saying she had to go and asking him what to do. He really must remind her to call him anytime she had a problem.

*006*2019-05-10 10:59

March: the gardener

Mohammad was in his early 40’s and after being made redundant four years ago he took his passion for gardening to a new level and started his own business. Winter was tough going but spring and summer were hectic. He had a growing client base and often worked long hours from late March to September, spending the other five months doing odd jobs to keep the bills paid.

The winter had been milder than usual and March had seen little rainfall so Mohammad was excited to pick up business a little earlier than planned. The first month was intensive labour doing the first grass cut, tidying up fallen debris from winter winds and trimming overgrown bushes. Mrs Bain had called him earlier in the week as she had noticed buds appearing from her kitchen window and she so looked forward to sitting out in the warmer months with her friends.

Mohammad liked Mrs Bain. She was one of his more typical clients, an older lady, retired, kept herself busy socialising with friends, aware she couldn’t do quite as much as she used to but still very much full of life and enthusiasm. Mohammad was sure she had a gardener as much for someone to talk to and share about her grandchildren than because she really needed one. But she paid well, looked after him and appreciated her garden so much. She had plans and as usual she had a list of things she wanted to discuss at the start of a new season.

Mohammad called round to her large detached house at mid morning. As usual her porch was immaculate and her expensive electric scooter parked outside. When he first started working for her she had still been driving but last year she had reluctantly changed her car for an electric scooter. Mohammad always felt his dirty van felt out of place in her driveway but Mrs Bain was always pleased to see him. He’s spent the morning having a coffee while answering emails and doing some admin so it was nice to talk to a real person.

Inside he was welcomed and had a seat in the large dining room which looked out onto the large mature garden. Mrs Bain poured him a mug of coffee, exactly as he liked it and started on her ideas for seeds, a new greenhouse and the colours she hoped to see this year. Mohammad took notes in his cheap pad and costed some things up on his phone. An hour had passed and he had yet to even start on the garden. Finally he thanked Mrs Bain for her coffee and told her today would be the first cut and tidy up but that he would purchase some things for his next visit. Standing up Mohammad realised he needed a leak but he’d never used clients bathrooms and he’d not even started work. He was sure keeping busy would soon take his mind off it anyway.

For late March the weather was surprisingly warm and the grass not quite as damp as Mohammad had thought it would be. He started his petrol mower and pushed in neat rows aware of the fact his need to pee wasn’t going away as he had hoped. He tried to ignore it but after an hour of mowing it was becoming a bit distracting. As he pulled the mower back to the van and climbed inside to get the strummer and hedge trimmer Mohammad gave himself a quick squeeze. He was also sweating so he reached over to the front passenger seat and grabbed a bottle of juice, drinking half the bottle before leaving the van.

Back in the garden with the trimmer Mohammad was becoming more and more aware of his need to pee. He found himself swaying and moving from foot to foot a lot trying to keep his penis from staying in the one spot too long and relaxing. With his back to the house he rested the trimmer for a moment bending down to pull some weeds giving himself an opportunity to hold himself for 30 seconds. He’d been holding an hour and a half now and his need was fast increasing. He still had bushes to trim and a general tidy to complete and he knew the chances of managing these without having an accident were slim. He removed his hand from between his legs but immediately regretted it.

He had no choice but to knock Mrs Bain’s door and ask if he could use her bathroom. He was bursting to piss.

He laid the tools down and walked to the back porch hoping Mrs Bain was downstairs and able to let him in. The alternative didn’t bear thinking about as his penis tingled more and more for release. Embarrassed but spurred on by his desperation Mohammad approached the glass conservatory that housed Mrs Bain’s dining room where he had almost two hours ago had a coffee. That coffee plus one from home previously and the juice he had recently gulped too now slushed in his bladder desperate to escape. He tried desperately not to hold himself but he struggled to remain still bouncing from foot to foot and giggling his legs. He so needed a toilet.

Mohammad put his hands to his eyes and leaned into the glass after trying to slide the door and finding it locked. He could see Mrs Bain with her back to him on the phone. He hated disturbing her. He was really needing to go and the tingling was so intense he grabbed himself and moaned. He almost swore such was his urgency. He could feel urine pushing down his shaft as he grabbed it closed as much as he could, worried he was about to leak. Against his professional judgment and desire not to disturb his client he could not help but knock on the conservatory to get Mrs Bain’s attention. His body was about to let go and Mohammad was dancing, fidgeting and squirming very obviously as Mrs Bain turned and saw him. She smiled and held two fingers up indicating she would be with him in two minutes.

Mohammad was frantic. He leaned on the conservatory and crossed his legs but still the his penis throbbed with an urgent desire to piss. He marched on the spot. Despite the constant movement he felt a spurt escape. Two minutes seemed like forever as he openly pee danced like a little child. God did he need to piss. It was all he could do not to undo his fly and piss long and hard against his van. He wasn’t at all sure his bladder could hold much longer. He couldn’t recall needing this badly.

He knew Mrs Bain was watching as she finally ended her call, put the phone on its stand and picked up the keys to the door. By now Mohammad was bent forward with one hand squeezing himself shut through his work trousers trying not to piss himself.

As the door slid open Mrs Bain spoke first.

‘Sorry about the delay Mohammad. That was my son. I’m so incredibly excited to hear that my daughter is expecting again. Oh Mohammad I’m going to be a grand mother all over again. Isn’t that just wonderful news!’

Mohammad’s bladder and throbbing penis didn’t care for Mrs Bain’s exciting news as Mohammad undid his button and slid his hand inside to grab the tip of his quivering penis which had now decided that being inside must mean it was free to release. Another spurt escaped as Mohammad bend forward holding himself for all he was worth.

‘Oh that’s great news.’ He muttered trying to find the words to ask for the toilet whilst holding himself so tight whist still leaking.

‘I’m assuming you would like to use my toilet. It’s just next door. That’s if you can wait that long?’

Mohammad headed towards the bathroom head down back bend and both hands between his legs. He’d never been so embarrassed or needy in his life. Piss was slowly leaking out and his trousers had a wet patch. He couldn’t even close the door as the sight of a toilet was just too much and Mohammad stood there, less than a metre from the toilet and pissed himself so badly a huge puddle formed at his feet.

Hearing it all Mrs Bain shouted in

‘I had a feeling you couldn’t wait. What a shame.’

*009*2019-05-10 15:13

Will add more tonight. Loving writing them.

