The Wet Rune - Page 3

Author: Markj9494

*040*2021-04-05 23:11

Chapter 11. Complete control

Stepping out of the bathroom she re-joined many of the others who were now stood in the reception, Gemma and a couple of the others looking far more relieved as other joined the short line coming out of the toilets she had just used. It seemed they had all somehow made it.

“Right then, here are you passes and name badges for the convention” Philippa said, making an obvious glance towards the ladies. But checking her watch she was clearly weighing up her choices, she was supposed to be a key speaker at the first panel on Ancient Gallic burial traditions. But with their later than planned arrival it only gave her 3 minutes to be in the main hall and ready to present. Squeezing her legs together she pinned on her badge, she had clearly made the decision that she would just have to hold it.

Checking her bosses bladder it would be uncomfortable but these talks were only about an hour and she was sure Philippa could make it that long. For her part Annabeth was joining Courtney at a different panel on ancient African civilisations. Having not expected to be back in the country she hadn’t planned to present and that gave her the freedom to do what she wanted for the next few hours. A rare time for her as she was usually pressured into one talk or another where ever she went, sometimes feeling a little like a prized pony to flaunt in front of other universities that hadn’t managed to get her to teach for them. It also drummed up quite a lot of paper collaborations from other institutions around the world, papers she would barely be involved with but that sought her name to go on them.

Watching Philippa shuffle off through the large doors to their right, Annabeth and Courtney filed into a group heading the opposite direction, large celling to floor posters displaying the work of many of the speakers. But going past one, something caught her eye, something she instantly recognised. It was one of the runes, not the one currently attached to her arm but one of the 11 others. It was carefully placed into a crate with a tablet almost identical to the one she had touched, but pristine and probably in a museum somewhere. If she could find it and learn more about the origins, maybe she could do something about the one she was unwillingly joined too.

Walking into the large auditorium she was pleased to be handed a small cup of coffee from an attendant, enjoying the warmth against her fingers. Nearing the front of the room she grabbed a chair next to Courtney and for some reason the accompanying Monica. It seemed she had come to the same talk, although thankfully was sitting a row behind. Part of Annabeth had thought this kind of tense rivalry was going to be left and school but yet here she was.

45 minutes later the was a pause of applause for the latest speaker as he signed off, but now was the one she was waiting for. Dr Sam Farris, the one with the other rune. Sitting up in her seat Annabeth listened attentively to every word spoken by the middle aged woman on the stage. Her confidence and ability to enthral the crowd quite enjoyable as she told tale after tale of tracking artefacts down and the some times odd places she had found them.

“Another interesting find was this rune in Jamaica of all places.” Clicking the slide Annabeth’s heart missed a beat as the photo from the banner was now displayed across the large projector screen. A faint nudge from her arm from Courtney meant she had clearly noticed what it was too.

“This rune tablet was actually found in what was thought to be a pirate horde off the coast of port more in Jamaica. A strange assemblage of artefacts from the 12th century and beyond that show that even pirates were interested in history.” A few chuckles went around the crowd, perplexing Annabeth slightly and making her feel like she had somewhat missed the joke. But then again she was concentrating on picking up every possible fact or clue from what she was saying in a literal sense.

“We still don’t know the whole story of this piece but we believe it to be of Ancient Egyptian origins and was found with a rather splendid world wide haul of artefacts including things from Sumatra, Aztecs, Mamelukes and even Mongols. Who ever collected all of these items definitely had an interesting life which is a shame why there was so little to identify the holders. But moving on I think that…”

Wait was that it, was that all the woman was going to say about it, that it was interesting? Listening to the woman continue she couldn’t help but feel a little let down and sank back in her chair. But getting a couple of glances over from the presenter she reminded that she was supposed to be a professional and not a sulking teenager. Adjusting her posture she sat upright again, listening more attentively but sadly nothing more was mentioned of her mystery rune.

“Thank you for listening, any questions?”

A round of applause filled the auditorium but as it diminished Annabeth found her hand in the air.

“Yes, Dr. Cole is that you?”

“Hi Dr, Farris, yes it is. I was wondering if you had any more information on the rune you showed from the pirate haul and its origins”

“Oh yes, its an interesting piece but sadly no, not much is known about it. May I ask why that piece in particular?”

“I was just wondering as I have come across something similar, but like you I'm missing some key information.”

“Another rune? Well now you have peaked my interest. We had assumed there were no others, but if you have found one then perhaps they were part of a set.”

“I…uh…Not exactly, we have found reference to one in a temple in morocco that looks very similar.”

“Morocco!, more and more interesting. But like I said I'm afraid we have little knowledge on such things but if you find more than a reference then please let me know.”

“Do…Do you happen to know where the run is stored, Id love to study it.” Annabeth asked.

“Im afraid it was lost with a number of other artefacts that it was with in Egypt in the uprisings in 2011.”

“Oh ok” Another dead end! Although she hadn’t even known that this was a possible lead an hour earlier so she couldn’t really complain.

After fielding another couple of questions the first talks of the day were over.

Walking back out into the main room Annabeth spotted a few of her colleagues grouped together for the short break before the second round of talks. Her boss Philippa currently standing with her legs tightly crossed but engrossed in a rapt conversation with one of her PhD students. Grabbing a free cup of coffee again her and Courtney began to walk over to join the others.

“Careful there, sure you can manage another one.” A mocking comment came from behind them.

“What?” Annabeth asked, entirely sure she knew what Monica meant as they joined the others.

“I just wouldn’t want you to miss any of these talks because you have to visit the ladies room.”

“Im fine thank you” Annabeth smiled back, locking eyes with Monica who seemed to be enjoying the superiority she was giving herself and her bladder.

“Well, even if you are I think I am going to go and make use of…” Philippa started, before being interrupted by a new arrival.

“Philippa!” A grey haired woman said, a large pearl necklace hanging over her slender neck and expensive looking dress.

“Dean Jones” Philippa said a little surprised. “Always a pleasure to see you. How have you been?” Annabeth’s red faced boss asked before being lead away to another group of more senior looking figures, her gate uneven and slow even compared to those she was walking with. Bent slightly at her waist it was uncomfortable just watching her as she disappeared into a crowd.

“Right then, do you think we should find the next room?” Monica asked having followed them out and joined the group too. It seemed that the two of them were going to be spending more time together today than Annabeth had realised, how fun she thought to herself.

“Im just going to nip to the ladies” Gemma replied, handing Daisy her coffee.

“Again?” Monica said, causing the young students cheeks to go bright red.

“I…I mean I don’t need to I guess…I can just wait.” Gemma said resigned.

“Just go, ignore her. We will wait here till you get back.” Courtney interjected, getting a glare from Monica as she was upstaged by her inferior.

A much relieved Gemma smiled at Courtney before dashing off towards the ladies before Monica could stop her again.

“You know you shouldn’t encourage that” Monica said, still scowling at Courtney.

“What, letting someone go to the bathroom?”

“Yeah, I mean how does she expect to make it through life having to dash of to a toilet every 30 seconds. You don’t see me or Philippa doing that do you?”. The sentence clearly showing that Monica thought of herself at the same level as Annabeth’s boss rather than in her actual position, the same as her and many others.

Rolling her eyes Courtney just dismissed the comment, infuriating Monica even more but she stayed quiet and a minute later Gemma returned looking much happier, accepting her coffee back and the group moving towards the next hour of talks. This was the hour Courtney would give hers, a thorough walk through time and possible mentions of what they were originally looking for. It was her thesis that the fountain of youth was in fact real and may have been linked to the garden of Eden. A non-mythical location where unknown species of plants may have grown around a natural spring or lake which gave it medicinal properties. It was a long stretch and many of their peers were unsure of its likelihood, but despite this she made a compelling argument for its existence. After all, a story even as old as this one was tended to be based on some truth and wouldn't have survived thousands of years and multiple cultures unless someone believed it.

Despite a few stumbles in her words Courtney did a great job and came across confidently, Annabeth was sure she would make a great lecturer in the future.

But soon the talks were over and once again there was a short remission with Courtney disappearing towards the hall next door in search of food. The rest of them loitered in the hallway making small talk for the most part.

“Do you guys see Philippa? Annabeth asked as she became aware that several of their group were missing.

“No, she is in the keynote. It’s a two hour talk.” Monica replied, sipping from he own drink.

Two hours, for her sake she hoped her boss had managed to make it to the ladies before it started.

Downing their drinks and jealously watching Courtney eat her plate of snacks she had somehow found about a minute before they closed, the group made their way into the last talk of the morning. It was on a career in academia and was a little unnecessary for herself given she already had the perfect job. But for the students it was going to be invaluable. Despite this, as the talk wore on Annabeth couldn’t help but let her mind wander back to Philippa and if she had indeed made it to a bathroom. She had been extremely desperate the last time she had seen her, unable to stand up straight. Given how full she had been on the bus and the fact it had now been 3 hours, there would be no way she could still be holding on…surely?

Despite the confidence in her assumption, she found herself unable to concentrate. The lure of finding out about Philippa mixing with her filling bladder again. Most of the others had been a couple of times since arriving, the coffee and tea fulling their need. As far as she could tell only herself, Courtney, Monica and maybe but probably not Phillipa hadn’t gone. So feeling a slight tightening sensation in her bladder she decided to kill two birds with one stone, because there hadn’t been a break the key note would be ending a few minutes earlier than this talk.

“I'm going to go to the toilet, I might see if I can find Philippa too.” She whispered to Courtney who simply nodded. Standing she slowly extricated herself from the row of seats and returned to the reception only to see a cleaner mopping the area she had almost lot total control in earlier. Blushing madly and avoiding eye contact with the cleaner she looked at the small cleaning and be back in 5 minutes sign now on the desk.

Walking around the wet floor area she entered the bathroom, grabbing a stall easily as all but one were free. Sitting down she let out a sigh and checked her phone, scrolling through the news before finishing up and leaving. The occupant of the other stall sitting in almost silence.

Washing her hands she stepped towards the door, almost slipping in a puddle of water. Catching herself she emerged through the door to see the warning sign now next to the toilets. Rolling her eyes she made her way to the doors next to the key note room, a round of applause from the other side indicating that the talk was about over.

But a few minutes later no one had come out, in fact it was her talk that opened its doors first. The others coming out to find her waiting outside the main room.

“You ok, we are going to get our lunch.” Courtney asked

“Yeah, ill wait for Philippa and come find you.”

“Ok, sounds good. Ill come find you guys when we find a table or two.” She replied.

Minutes went by and yet there was no activity, she was starting to wonder if there was another door they might have exited out of. Eventually she heard footsteps and quiet chatter approaching from the other side of the door which opened and the usual crowed of academics quickly flowed out of the room, excitedly chatting about what they had seen or in some cases where they were going to get lunch. The mornings activities quickly forgotten by some as the smells from the dining room nearby reached their noses. Quickly passing the hundred or so audience filed out but there was no sign of Phillipa. 30 seconds passed and Annabeth was wondering if her boss had excused herself early and was no longer in there, but then came a set of heavy and uneven footsteps. Taking a few steps towards the corner of the room Annabeth didn't want to be seen staring if her boss was indeed the one approaching.

Walking extremely slowly and with her lips pursed tightly together Philippa emerged, both hands grasping her heavily distended abdomen that was far larger than it had been earlier, the melon sized lump squeezing out from under her belt and clearly causing her a great discomfort. Looking at her Annabeth could tell she was at her wits end, tears forming in the corners of her eyes and crow’s feet developing from where she must have been clenching to keep everything contained. She had been bursting three hours ago, but somehow she had made it through not one but two long talks.

Taking a moment to scan her, Annabeth was amazed to see the slow waddling woman was at 100% of her capacity. The power of her mind and control of her body fuelled by her desire to not humiliate herself surrounded by her peers and superiors. Stopping for a moment she let out a loud grunt, doubling over and a hand pressing against her crotch, her face going redder from how humiliated it must have made her feel. But when the wave passed she continued, unaware of Annabeth's gaze.

From her point Annabeth was fascinated, she had never thought possible to hold 100% of a bladders fullness and yet here her boss was. Just as with Joy at the airport she felt a strange desire overcome her to see the outcome, one way or the other. She could help, but this time she didn’t feel responsible. She hadn’t distracted her or pulled her away and she hadn’t been the one to make Philippa skip the bathroom despite being desperate for it two hours ago.

Slowly Philippa crossed the room, one unsteady footstep after the other as Annabeth watched, hear heart fluttering in her chest as she knew that the woman was absolutely full and just moments from an accident almost exactly where she had been earlier. But somehow, her boss crossed the room, sweat gathering on her brow and cheeks puffing out with every heavy breath. Her only saving grace, the speed at which everyone had gone looking for their free lunch. Eventually she reached the open door, exiting towards the main reception and the toilets.

Following to the doorway Annabeth heard a loud gasp and rounding the corner she saw her boss slamming through the bathroom door, her calm demeanour completely gone. Looking down she could see a faint trail of wetness as a strange sense of satisfaction overcame her, the resolution she had been hoping for had happened. Wait, did she want her boss to wet herself, shouldn’t she feel sorry for her? Because it definitely didn’t feel like she did, which was a little worrying.

“Hey, you find Philippa?” A voice asked behind her.

“Oh hey Courtney” Annabeth said blushing slightly. “I…uh no I think she must have gotten out a bit early.” She replied, figuring her boss might want a few minutes to herself to clean up.

“Ok, well maybe we will see her later. Some of us have grabbed a table if you want to join.”

“Sure thing” Annabeth said turning and joining her friend for lunch, her stomach rumbling slightly and reminding her she hadn’t actually eaten anything since last night, something thing that seemed to be becoming a regular thing. At least here she hoped she had other alternatives to insects.

Lunch was quite enjoyable as she caught up with her students and their projects that they had been carrying out over the summer break. Phillipa did join them about 10 minutes later, looking a little sheepish but much more relaxed than she had earlier. Despite a quick check, her black slacks had hidden any evidence of her accident, although Annabeth was sure she must have been feeling a little uncomfortable in her sure to be wet underwear.

After lunch the next few hours of talks passed by uneventfully and soon it was time to head home. New connections had been made and even if it had turned out to be a dead end, at least Annabeth knew there were more runes out there to be found. Who knows where or who might have them, but it was a start and walking towards the bus she was feeling a lot more optimistic than she had this morning.

“Hey” Philippa greeted them having gone ahead a few minutes earlier to check on the driver. “Listen.” She said leaning in with a hushed tone. “I was thinking of the way here, since we have finished a little early I've asked the driver to make a stop about halfway back in case anyone needs to stretch their legs or…use the facilities.”

“Ok thank you, I'm sure the others will appreciate it.” Annabeth replied, wondering if her bosses close shave had put her in their shoes and now she was feeling sorry for them. Or maybe she was just worried about needing to go again as badly as she had before lunch.

“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Monica said loudly, but it wasn’t to them. Above on the steps up to the bus she was talking to Gemma who had been happily talking to her friends before the interruption. In her left hand was another cup of coffee, her face blushing madly as she was called out for something everyone was now thinking about, a sullen look covering her for a moment. Looking over to the bin next to her she took a step towards it.

“Why are you so caught up on this?” Courtney asked, shocking some of the others as she called out the task master in front of them.

“Look, I just don’t want to stop on the way home because someone drank too much and needs to pee like a child.” Monica shot back, not enjoying Courtney’s second time of questioning of her.

Leaning over to Gemma as the other two scowled at each other Annabeth whispered, “Don’t worry, we have stop half way home. Just don’t tell Monica or I’m sure she would complain about it.” Gemma nodding and giving her a smile before boarding the bus.

“Why should some of us that have control like an adult, have to suffer for those that don’t.” Monica continued. “Not that your boss over there was much better, we all saw her scurry off like the rest of them.”

Now it was Annabeth’s time to blush, although she couldn’t help but feel a little angry about it. This was the least professional behaviour she had seen out of anyone; these were students who were supposed to look up to them. Here Monica was undermining her authority and just out right embarrassing her. Little did she know Annabeth herself had been saving the reputation of her precious university last time, she could only imagine what it would do to their image if a group of students had turned up on a bus and in clothes covered in their own urine.

Annabeth felt her tempter flaring and half her mind wanted to fill her up and make her wet herself right then and there. But there was no way she could explain that and as much as she wanted Monica to be brought down a peg or two she also didn’t want it to be instant. It was almost the hope of making it that she wanted her to taste.

“What are you trying to prove here?” Courtney asked, her arms out indicating to the random bus stop they were in.

“That maybe youth isn’t everything.” Monica smirked and Annabeth was sure that it wasn’t just a dig at Courtney's age but also at her hard work and entire project for the last two years.

“Uh ladies, shall we get a move on…we don’t want to make a scene do we.” Philippa interjected and with a final scowl Monica turned back into the bus and took her seat.

That final comment was it for Annabeth, it was one thing to embarrass a lecturer in front of students, it was another entirely to dismiss and degrade one on their project and passion, especially one who had worked as hard as Courtney had. She wouldn’t get away with this Annabeth told herself as she joined them on the bus but purposefully took a seat closer to the front. She wanted to sit somewhere where she could keep an eye on Monica for more than one reason.

Giving Courtney the window seat she lowered herself into the isle seat about 2 rows down from Monica and immediately got to work. Locking onto her she was somewhat surprised to see her target already at 88%, but thinking about it she had been with her almost the entire day and never once did she see her use the restroom. But how can that be, she was at 77% when they arrived over 7 hours ago. No wonder she was confident about her bladders abilities if that was the case, but it didn’t change anything. Just because she may have been able to back up her own confidence, there was no reason to take it out on her, Courtney or Gemma. Although part of her was impressed by the woman’s capabilities and she couldn’t help but wonder when the last time she had peed was if her bladder had only gone up 11% since the morning.

Doing some mental maths that was less than 2% an hour she had filled, so unless it took them 5 hours to get home Monica would somehow make it and even have hours to spare. Her gargantuan bladder was a sure sign she could out hold all of them on the bus, even Courtney several times over. Unfortunately for her though, Annabeth’s new found powers would make sure that even if she did make, it would be by the skin of her teeth and she would experience exactly what she and the others had felt earlier.

But leaning back in her chair Annabeth knew she would have to be patient, she didn’t want to raise any red flags or make Monica think anything odd was going on. This would be a battle of her pride and her bladder, nothing more. Next to her Courtney seemed a little dejected, putting her head on her bag and trying to get some sleep on the way back. Looking over at her Annabeth couldn't help but feel her anger flare up again, a strange warmth filling her body as her nostrils flared.

For 20 minutes she watched the outside pass by the window as they made their way out of the city and back on to the main motorway. They were making good progress but checking her watch Annabeth knew this was about to change, it was becoming rush hour and now was her chance to start the games.

Looking across to Monica she could see her shaking her head and muttering to herself as she seemingly went through the programme of the day with a red marker, as if it was a piece of coursework. Her bladder had increased to 89% but still she seemed to be completely unbothered by it. Connecting to it Annabeth pushed some of her pee into the snarky woman, amazed to see that despite her own bladders contents reducing by 9% Monica’s had only gone up 2%!.

Even so she smiled when she noticed her target shuffle slightly in her seat, adjusting her posture and uncrossing and recrossing her legs the other way over. The first cracks in her superior demeanour that wouldn’t survive the trip if she had her way. But for now she would let her sit there, regaining her confidence and drawing out the inevitable conclusion of this little game.

Another 15 minutes quickly passed but that was the only thing that was happening quickly. As expected commuters had flooded the motorway on their way home and in combination with the still Icey conditions were going far slower than normal. Locking onto her once more she felt the now familiar heat radiating around her body, a little shiver of pleasure running up her spine as she pumped another 10% of her now almost empty bladder into Monica. Half a smile forming on her face as once again she watched the woman squirm noticeably, her bladder now at 93% of its total capacity. She was truly nearing the limit of her control, but Annabeth was sure she would still be expecting to make it. From her estimates they were still around an hour and half from home and she would enjoy watching Monica slowly crack in that time.

Although, that time didn’t include the detour to a service station for the break Philippa had organised and that Monica wasn’t aware of. Would she abandon face and use a service bathroom, or would she try to make it even with the added pressure?. If she had to, Annabeth would have bet on her pride beating her bladder, especially if Annabeth or maybe if no one else asked. It seemed a little bit of an insult to her boss who had specifically arranged something like this, but if Annabeth could make everyone comfortable enough then no one would feel a need to use a bathroom when the chance came up, removing any and all chances for Monica to relieve herself without destroying her pride and regretting all of the snide remarks she had made through the day.

Stretching her arms above her head she craned her neck around, happy to see that now she was near the front she could basically see everyone on the bus using her little mirror. With that and her plan she got to work, her own bladder and Courtney's basically empty and available to skim the top off. Her sleeping friend hadn't offered it this time but she was sure she wouldn’t mind, if she could even tell with how little she was planning on adding. But over the next 20 minutes she managed to get all bladders on the bus to below a third full, most had been less than half full to begin with. But with the extra space of 20% of Courtney and 75% her own bladder, she had been able to accomplish her mission.

As if on cue Philippa stood up at the front of the bus, clearing her throat.

“Hi guys, we should have some time for a stop shortly so you can use the facilities if anyone needs them?”

Silence filled the bus as no one spoke up, a few people just looking at one another. The only person that seemed to perk up was in fact Monica, would she actually say anything to save herself? But after looking around for a few moments, almost imploringly at Gemma she turned back towards Philippa but said nothing.

“I mean…if no one wants to we can skip that and head straight home?”

“Sounds good” one person said, a number of others nodding in agreement and with that it seemed Monica's fate was sealed. A devilish smile appearing on Annabeth’s face as she saw the genuinely worried look flash across Monica’s, something she wasn’t going to be helping.

In fact, it had been plenty of time since she had filled her last time. Connecting to her once more she let another 10% flow between them, her toes curling slightly in her boots as she watched the numbers tick up and felt her own bladder emptying. Across the isle her target was looking more and more desperate, her legs tightly knotted and as Annabeth finished filling her up to 95% her legs began to bounce. The paper she was reading quickly thrown on the chair next to her and her hands now pressing between her legs for a moment. A quiet gasp escaped Monica as she doubled over slightly in her seat, her heavily distended bladder clearly causing her some problems now.

But for Annabeth this was what she wanted to see, Monica was finally getting a taste of her own medicine. It would have been easy for her to have not said anything about the others desperation on arrival, but she had stuck her nose in and now she was paying the price. For the next 30 minutes she watched eagerly as Monica’s movements became more and more erratic, her legs bouncing constantly as she kneaded her thighs with her clenched hands. Slow rocking movements happened from time to time, usually after winces that seemed to suggest her bladder was likely pulsing or cramping inside her. Annabeth would have been worried about her noticing her watching, but it seemed the dark-haired woman was in her own little world and too far gone for that. But now it was time for her next filling.

Connecting their bladders once more Annabeth knew this was going to be it, her hands had grown sweaty with anticipation as she started to empty her bladder into Monica again heart heart fluttered again. Slowly and for more than 5 minutes she kept going, and going, and going with a little bit at a time. But finally, as she heard Monica groan and double over she hit 99%. Part of her was urging herself to keep going, to end this, but a larger part wanted to play with Monica.

Somehow, even at 99% she was staying dry although her movements had all but stopped. Her torso wavering as she stared forwards, dumfounded by what had happened to her iron bladder and immaculate control. A sheen of sweat building on her brow as her arm wrapped around her abdomen, seemingly trying to shield it but it would be no use.

Even from where she was sat Annabeth could see how Monica’s tight pant suit cut into her heavily distended abdomen, a tight bisection cutting through the giant inflated organ. Another loud groan filled the bus as both of Monica’s hands flew between her legs, a couple of others noticing the commotion. She was now at 100% but still fighting for control. Like her boss earlier it seemed Monica had the fortitude and level of control that she had seen very rarely until now. It was taking its toll as even over the sound of the bus she could hear the deep heavy and laboured breaths coming from the almost pregnant looking woman. She must have been battling hard to contain the litres of liquid held within her small frame of the groaning woman a few rows ahead.

Annabeth wondered how long she could hold it even at 100%, it clearly depended on the individual but surely no one could go above 100%?. She wasn’t sure quite what her vision was measuring given that some people lost it earlier than others like those on the plane, but Monica seemed to be just about managing. Her face screwed up in agony as she now cupped her bursting bladder with both hands, hunched over on her seat looking like she was about to explode.

Sweat was beginning to drop off the black-haired woman as she rhythmically winced, but mile after mile came and went as she held on and on. Her fortitude commendable but it was what Annabeth was banking on. Finally, after 10 minutes of staring at her Monica groaned quietly and quivered for a moment. Unable to look away Annabeth saw a faint sheen appear on the seat under her target as she rocked in her seat. She had leaked!, The dark of the evening and inefficient lighting on board was hiding the leak that she had seen and was sure was now soaking into the seat beneath her.

Now back down to 99% Annabeth couldn’t help but push her back up to 100% , smirking as she heard Monica groan again. This time she only lasted a few seconds before another patch of wetness spread out of her Cinnamon coloured trousers, this time dropping to 98% and a clear streak flowing down the back of one of her bent legs. This leak had been more substantial and she was almost certainly about to lose control fully, but in a way Annabeth didn’t want that, she wanted her to suffer more for what she had put her through. Plus, she was enjoying the feeling of using Monica like a play thing, her bladder a vessel for her to fill and empty at her desires. Pulling out 5% back into her own bladder she saw Monica relax a little, She would give her a moment of rest before the storm that was about to come.

Slyly Monica separated her legs gingerly, clearly seeing the damage to her trousers before closing her legs and placing a hand over her sure to be wet crotch. Puffing out her cheeks for a moment she grimaced, a sure sign that despite what she had taken out Monica was still battling. Her burning muscles that had started to fail must have been urging her to give in and wet herself. But she knew that It would never happen willingly, Annabeth was sure Monica would fight until the very end.

Looking past her she spotted something she recognised and something that made Annabeth smile again. They were still at least 40 minutes from home, she still had plenty of time to appease the voice in her head that was already telling her to break Monica again. But steeling herself she was patient, she wanted Monica to feel in control again before cracking her like an egg. Who knew how many times she could do it, how strong were her adversaries muscles? Maybe if she could hold out a couple more time she might even give her a chance of making it home mostly dry.

The next few minutes passed by slowly for both of them but for different reasons. But spotting a sign for services in 2 miles it seemed a good time to do it. After all Monica could ask at any point for them to stop, but she knew she wouldn’t.

Connecting she flooded another 4% into Monica who shot almost instantly back up to 99% and let out another load groan, almost flinching at the additional pressure. Now more than a few others had clearly become aware of what was happening to the former task manager as she battled with her body as it betrayed her. A few of those she picked on regularly including Gemma were watching on, clearly enjoying the sight.

Monica resumed rocking in her seat, gasping periodically as she clutched at herself furiously. Pursing her lips her head seemed to be in the clouds as it teetered on her waving neck. But still she said nothing and soon that services had passed and so had the chance to ask them to pull over. So, Monica hadn't used the out she had given her after all. Connecting to her Annabeth pushed another 1% into her, watching as Monica pulled her legs up towards her chest for a moment, a grunt of exertion passing through the woman’s lips as she shuddered for almost 10 seconds before she stamped her feet to the floor and both hands shot once again between her legs.

A faint hiss just audible from where Annabeth was sitting reached her ears like the most pleasurable music. A short burst of wetness escaping and overflowing from the edge of the chair and dampening the sides of her trousers. Her pee now visible on the rear of her lightly coloured trousers, but once again she had cut it off with some immeasurable effort.

Now at 97% Annabeth pushed her back up to 98% but left it there, wanting her to feel on the absolute edge of control for as long as possible. Again, it seemed that despite her now sodden clothes Monica was in denial but Annabeth would give her another chance, next services 13 miles.

Again and in spite of the puddle she must have now been sat in, Monica said nothing as they passed the services almost 15 minutes later.

Well she made her choice Annabeth thought to herself as she connected to Monica for another round of this game she was playing.

Now almost second nature she pushed her bladder into the sweating and squirming woman already sat in her own puddle of piss. Monica let out a deep rumble from her throat, a strange sound that was a clear sign of the agonising discomfort she was feeling. Ticking up to 100% she was frozen in place, a forceful whistle of air escaping between clenched teeth as she desperately tried to hold on. But then another crack appeared, another burst of wetness from her tired muscles as her trousers glistened again.

For a few seconds a trickle could be seen running down the back of her legs as she sat rigidly and unmoving. Somehow, she cut it off but by now there was already a puddle on the floor and many had seen her lose control. No one spoke but they all knew what was coming, apparently except Monica who was still ignoring the inevitable. The warmth she was sat in and the wetness spreading down her legs should have been sure signs but she was fighting a losing battle. Even if they started to pull over she doubted she would make it without help.

But Annabeth knew something she might not. That was the last services and there would be no stopping until getting home. A fact that meant her little game was already over, Monica was always going to lose but she hadn’t finished with her yet. That last leak had taken her to 95%, well that was just too low for Annabeth. Pumping in yet more she pushed Monica back up to 100% smiling as she heard the woman groan pitifully again.

“Oh no…oh…oh….oh…” It was the first time Monica had said anything, her first whispered verbalisation that anything was wrong. It was like she had only just not realised she was going to have an accident…more of an accident on this bus. Watching Monica Cross her legs tightly Annabeth could see drops of the previous leak fall from her sodden trouser legs. A shower of drops also falling from her shoes as she lifted her foot off the floor. Screwing herself up she let out a little whimper, but then a loud hiss filled the air. The new position of her tightly crossed and knotted legs amplifying the squelching sound as a pressurised just left her forcefully. The sound closer to opening a bottle of fizzy drink than anything Annabeth thought could come from someone peeing.

It was accompanied by another groan as Monica doubled over, her double crossed legs and high knees almost touching her chest as she breathed heavily into her legs. Drops of sweat racing down her face as it looked downwards, she was nearing the end but she had miraculously stopped it once again. Her muscles of steel able to repeatedly stop the flow of liquid that had been forced passed them. But this test of strength was not fair and it wasn’t over yet.

In the corner of her eye she watched as one of the students elbowed Gemma, pointing towards their previous tormentor and the condition she was in. A shocked look appearing on the students face before transforming into a toothy grin that she failed to hide behind one of her hands. But seeing her it did give Annabeth an idea.

Connecting to Gemma Annabeth pulled almost half of the woman’s bladder out of her, a cramp signalling how full she herself was feeling. She had needed a lot to keep the copious bladder of Monica filled at all times, but after this she wouldn’t need to worry about either of them.

Looking back at Monica she smiled to herself, this was it for her target. Connecting for what she knew would be the last time she pushed all of the liquid she had taken out of Gemma into Monica, a symbolic and somewhat poetic way of breaking the iron bladder by using the paper bladder she had that day been making fun of.

Instantly Monica sat up rigidly as her bladder hit 98%...99…100…101…102 numbers Annabeth didn’t think were possible but after a second it was clear that they weren’t. In almost silence, her eyes open and mouth agape Monica exploded into a wet mess. A loud hiss filling the bus followed moments later by a splattering noise as a deluge of pee shot out of Monica’s tortured bladder. Waves of liquid overflowed the seat that was doing its best to soak up the monumental accident before it cascaded off the sides of the chair and splattered noisily onto the hard plastic floor of the coach. The puddle rapidly expanding and snaking its way down the bus.

“If that’s someone spilling something you are going to have to….Oh!” Philippa stopped in her tracks as she stood up to confront the clumsy student, only to be dumbfounded by the waterfall erupting from between Monica’s legs and rolling across the bus towards her.

For minutes Monica peed, the heavy stream constantly flowing onto the floor and spreading out around her. The trickle of pee and pressurised stream hissing through her trousers now the only sound as everyone fell quiet. A few stifled laughs from some of the students who couldn’t help but express their satisfaction in her humiliation. The Giant puddle now spreading to the back of the bus almost 10m away as the bus continues on its journey. Monica's trousers almost completely darkened as they absorbed the pee still erupting from Monica's monumental accident.

“Did you do that?” A quiet voice whispered next to her.

At this point Annabeth realised what she had been doing, the power she had been feeling over Monica and the enjoyment she had been having. For the first time she felt a tinge of remorse, but unlike the strangers on the plane she hadn’t made her have this accident. Monica had repeatedly skipped the bathroom, even after leaking Annabeth had given her a chance to save herself but she hadn’t taken it. It was Monica’s pride that had caused this she told herself.

“I…I didn’t help it.” Annabeth responded sheepishly.

“Good, she deserved it.” Courtney joked, nestling hear head back down on her bag as they entered the outskirts of town.

Slowing the bus stopped at the first traffic lights since the motorway and everyone looked down as a tidal wave of Monica’s pee rolled past them from the back to the front of the bus, beginning to spill down the stairs at the front.

###

Thanks for reading!

I hope everyone enjoyed Monica's comeuppance and Philippa's to some degree.

*046*2021-04-12 15:23

Chapter 12 – blackout.

Sitting at the front of her class Annabeth sipped from the large cup of tea she had brought with her, the travel flask keeping it nice and toasty as she walked to the university. Today was the first day of teaching and she felt the usual mix of nervousness and excitement she had the last couple of years. It was always daunting to meet so many fresh-faced individuals and to be the one walking them through their first experiences with Archology. But at the same time, it was always enjoyable to meet so many new people fascinated by the history of the world in the same way she was. Having grown up in small rural town she hadn’t met another person like her until coming to university. Even now after all these years surrounded by her peers, it was still a bit of a surprise to her when so many turned up each year.

Closing down her notes for the class she opened back up the internet tab she had been browsing between the fourth and fifth read through. She was trying to find out more about the rune lost in Egypt but so far she had come up empty. The only strange thing was that it seemed to be one of the first few items taken, its theft was reported a full day before many of the others. A break in before the break in? but why would anyone take the rune and not the giant golden statues which were taken the following day. Part of her wondered if the unwitting person had triggered it and fled before coming back the next day. Could there be another like her, walking around with a rune on their arm and with strange powers?

Zooming in on the best quality photo she could find she pulled it up alongside one of the images she had from one of the scrolls from the temple. When Courtney had found the time to digitise them in the last two days she didn’t know.

Despite the faded texts and grainy photos she was able to match it to one of the other gods runes, the same runes present in the temple and in this case the very script that had sent them to Morocco. It was Nanshe, the Sumerian goddess of social justice and divination. Why these cultures and gods had somehow become associated was still a mystery to her, but now they had multiple references to them being together so it couldn’t just be a coincidence.

The next question was how did it end up in Jamaica from the middle east? There was evidence that trade had existed between modern day Iraq and Jamaica dating back to the 14th century, but it was extremely rare and why would this rune have been bought and moved. To her it only made sense if the person doing so knew what the symbol was. Had the sect of Omotet somehow survived until the 16th century when these pirates would have been active? If she could figure out who this pirate was, maybe then she could start putting the pieces together and working backwards.

She was sure that many others had tried to figure this out, but they were not Dr. Annabeth Cole.

“Is this E103?” a voice interrupted her self-reverence.

“I uh yes it….is” Annabeth said, pausing slightly as she caught site of the young woman standing in the doorway and instantly recognising her, her cheeks blushing slightly as she became a little flustered.

In the doorway stood a short young woman, her pink hair rustling slightly as she put a hand through it. It was the woman from the plane back from Morocco, the one she had so ruthlessly filled and caused her to wet herself on landing.

It was impossible, it couldn’t be! she thought to herself again.

What were the chances, why would she have been on that plane and now be here. Was this a weird joke, maybe she was misremembering, after all she had hit her head that day pretty hard.

“I…sorry yes are you here for your introduction to Prehistoric African civilisations? Annabeth said trying to recover her composure.

“Yes” The young woman smiled, walking in and offering her hand to shake. “Im Angelica, sorry I only got back a couple of days ago and missed the freshers orientation.”

“Its no problem, I don’t think many of those who went on it will remember much” Annabeth laughed back and was glad to see the student relax a little and take her stuff to the front row of benches set up in the lecture hall.

“Were you anywhere interesting?” Annabeth asked, prying for a little bit of information but already coming to the conclusion it was in fact the woman from the plane.

“Morocco, I was out there helping with a dig and trying to get some experience before starting here.”

Sighing internally Annabeth closed her eyes for a second.

But then again, she was talking like they had never met before. Maybe Angelica didn’t know they had, maybe she had been too preoccupied to notice her sat on the plane. But hearing some more foot steps in the hallway the trickle of students started making their way into the class and soon it was full of excited and many hungover students.

“Hi guys. My name is Dr. Cole and welcome to my class. Today we are going to have a quick overview of African civilisations and where they were at the end of what we call pre-history today. But as I’m sure you know, even that is somewhat of an over simplification.”

Looking up she clicked the slides to start and looking around she was pleased to see many looking interested, although there were the usual few who were not.

“You see traditionally prehistory was seen as the time before written history, before people started writing accounts of events that happened in the world. However, as we have advanced our understanding of history this type of title is a little basic. After all, if a Neolithic man paints a picture of a hunt that he was on, is that not written history.”

“So, given this contradiction do any of you have a better idea of what we might label the end of pre-history as?” she asked, turning on her heels and looking out at the sea of three dozen faces. A few hands shooting up while others looked a little surprised and clearly expected this to just be a sit and watch thing.

“yes?” she said pointing to a woman at the back of the class.

“Can I go to the toilet” she said nonchalantly, a few giggles or smirks flying through the crowd of supposed adults.

“I…yes” Annabeth sighed, indicating to the door.

Watching the woman approach she was curious to see her carrying her jacket and bag and she knew where this was going. Scanning the woman’s bladder quickly it only confirmed it as she was at 30%, she wouldn’t be coming back. But at least this power would come in handy if she ever needed to see if someone actually was desperate.

“Any one else want to have a go at the answer?” Annabeth continued.

Pointing at another woman in the front row next to Angelica who did have her hand up as well, she was glad that the first words out of her mouth were not asking for a bathroom break.

“Well, it depends on the culture, doesn’t it? But If I had to make a point in time it would probably when the first known civilisation started to use what we consider a full written language. So, would that be Egypt in 3200 BCE?”

“Good answer” Annabeth smiled back, yes I would tend to agree with that. Although, some have suggested it should be when the last civilisation has left the previous age which indicates the full transition from one to the other. But then again, that does technically mean history only started in the early 1900’s as New Guinea only started writing at that time. So if any of you have grandparents from then, feel free to call them prehistoric” Annabeth joked, a number of smiles and chuckles going through the crowd. It was a joke she made every year, but it seemed to be a good way of settling people down and showing she wasn’t just another teacher stuck in her ways.

The rest of the two-hour session passed by surprisingly quickly, several students clearly standing out from the first years. After what her and Courtney had spoken about yesterday and her planning last night when they got back, it had given her an idea. So as the rest of the class started to file out of their only lecture of the day, she slowly walked towards some of them.

“Hey guys, thanks for your input in todays class. I was wondering if you would be interested in helping out with a little project for some extra credits?” She said, part of her not believing she had been so bold to already ask these first years to join her.

“Yeah sure” said one of them called Lisa, it was difficult to put names to faces even with the pictures she had been given to help with that. But once students started being active in class it made it so much easier.

“What about you Jessie and Angelica, you are welcome to come too.” Annabeth continued. It might be a little odd to explain it all to the pink haired woman who she was sure might begin to remember about events on the plane and put tow and two together. But at the same time her absolutely massive bladder would likely prove useful and she certainly seemed to know a thing about African civilisations. In fact they all had, Jessie had been the most confident and part of Annabeth wondered why she was even here. Her understanding and knowledge was likely almost as good as hers, but then again with the current climate unless you have the degree to go with it, no one will give you a chance to show it. As for the others Lisa Knew a lot too for a first year, while Angelica clearly had a lot of practical experience and knowledge about digs. Between them the three students would be the perfect people to help her with this project.

“So what is it?” Jessie asked.

“I…its hard to explain. But for now since you have some free time I would like you all to look into this.” She said handing them a couple of pieces of paper. On the pages was the description of the pirates treasure and everything she could quickly find on it, combined with a few bits and pieces including runes from her own work. “See how much you can find on these runes and the possible identify of the pirate whose treasure this might have been. I’ve also planned something else later if you are free at 6pm? I realise its short notice so if you cant make it that’s ok.”

“I can, I can too” Lisa and Jessie said while Angelica nodded along, their eagerness bringing a smile to Annabeth's face.

“Perfect, I’ll be in the ground floor labs in the Bio-Sciences building if you can find your way there?”

“Shouldn’t be a problem” they all agreed and with that she sent them on their way, the first wheel put in motion for her idea.

The next step was to meet Courtney and to arrange what she needed for the evening.

“An MRI machine?” Courtney exclaimed as they walked into the med-lab room they were meeting in later.

“Yeah, well we wanted to know what happens when I use the power and this seemed to be the best bet.”

“So, What the plan”

“Well, I was thinking that maybe you could go in the machine and I will hold the rune to see what impact it has on your bladder. We might be able to see where the liquid comes from and even figure out how it works?”

“I…you want to fill me up in the machine?”

“I mean…if you are ok with that obviously. If there is anything you disagree with please say so. I don’t want to put you in an uncomfortable position.”

“Is that kind of the point” Courtney smiled back, putting their minds at ease.

“So what’s with the students helping if its just that?”

“Well, I figured it would be a good first step explaining what was going on. Plus, we might have more opportunities to do more tests like liquid transfers and also it would be good to see how it works on different people. Get a good average from the tests?”

“Sounds like you have really thought this through.”

“Yeah, well with this thing on my arm its been kind of hard to think of much else”

“Yeah I know what you mean” Courtney replied, looking up quickly at her as if she had said something she hadn’t meant too. “Anyway, should we test the machine out and see how it works?”

“Yeah can do, I’ve actually used them quite a few times. Its the best way of getting a look at some artefacts, even mummified remains contained within wooden coffins can be scanned without destroying what’s in them.”

“Awesome, glad you know what you are doing.”

“Hi guys, sorry we are a bit early” A voice came from the doorway to the room, Angelica, Lisa and Jessie standing their with a pile of books in their arms.

“No problem, we were just to run a test. Angelica, Lisa and Jessie this is Courtney, my assistant who was in your shoes a few years ago.” She said introducing the group who exchanged pleasantries.

"More than I would like to admit" Courtney said, shaking hands with the new arrivals.

Pressing a couple of buttons, the machine sprang to life with a loud whirring noise that filled the other room they were looking into. The industrial magnets needing to be kept separate from anything metal and as such had been placed in a way similar to an X-ray machine. Their little control booth isolated from the device itself.

“I think im just going to do a quick test by….”

Pressing the operation button the room suddenly fell dark, the power going out and making Annabeth sigh loudly.

“Sorry, maybe I should have asked the technician to stay after all.”

“Yeah, the lights in the corridor are out too.” Angelica said and looking out the door to the room. It was a little strange though, Angelica could have sworn that this room wasn’t supposed to be able to do that.

“Looks like a black out, I cant see any lights in any of the buildings.” Lisa said poking her head around the doorway. “But I think you had better come up with an excuse quick professor, Maintenance are on their way.” She joked, the faint beams of flashlights coming through the corridor towards them.

“Sorry guys that was us” she said loudly towards them, flagging down the help.

A second later a strange pop noise could be heard and looking up Annabeth was shocked to see Lisa clutching something in her arm and slowly falling to the floor.

“Lisa?!” Annabeth shouted. But moments later the doorway was filled with light as a number of figures carrying torches rounded the corner. Instinctively she ducked behind the counter, peaking out briefly she saw several figures enter the room in black overalls and with strange looking guns.

“Sorry Dr. Cole, its nothing personal.” A voice said from behind her.

Turning around she saw Courtney already slumped over, while Jessie was now stood holding an odd pistol at her. A second later she heard another pop as a dart hit her in the chest and she became instantly groggy, her vision starting to fade. Slumping onto the floor next to Courtney she did her best to fight what ever drug she was currently being dosed with, but it was no use and after just a few seconds she blacked out.

###

I hope you enjoyed this chapter, no Omo but a bit of story progression.

Hopefully the last longer chapter was enough to tide people over for another couple of weeks.

*047*2021-04-12 15:29

Thank you all for reading.

{{On 4/9/2021 at 9:54 AM, Anti-Diogenes said:

Fantastic chapter! At first I wasn't sure if this story was for me but it's really taken an interesting turn. I'm looking forward to further developments in Annabeth's new... recreational interests.

}}

Hi, thank you for giving it a shot. Im glad you enjoyed that chapter, its definitely been the most Omo related, I cant promise too much of that in the next chapter or two I have planned, but hopefully there will be enough to keep you interested until the pay off later on.

{{On 4/8/2021 at 10:30 AM, Manticore said:

Excellent chapter, Philippa's resolve and control through through a very difficult day were awesome to see.

Monica on the other hand I think deserved most of what she got. Annabeth was a little mean towards the end, but she gave her multiple chances to escape her fate. Great descriptions of her mightily holding on until her physical limits were reached - multiple times!

Very satisfying, great to read your writing again. Thank you and looking forward to more!

}}

{{On 4/7/2021 at 5:40 AM, Rinatro said:

Great chapter! Monica got what she deserved. Maybe she'll stop being so mean to her students and fellow colleagues.

Can't wait to see where things go from here!

}}

{{On 4/6/2021 at 2:44 AM, Melificentfan said:

I certainly enjoyed reading that chapter philippa seems cool but Monica got what she deserved

}}

Haha, seems like a running theme there. Glad you guys enjoyed and didnt think I was to mean on either of them. I think Philippa definitely learnt her lesson and not to listen to Monica all the time. Im not to sure about Monica though, her pride might just remove all memories of it....unless something starts to happen with her again. But at least her students will likely be less afraid of her given they have seen her humiliate herself, especially since none of them technically had an accident.

*051*2021-04-16 23:27

Chapter 13: Into the light

Little bit of a warning, this chapter does contain peril (I cant remember what the warning on TV is) and is a little darker. Its also a bit of another Lore dump so apologise for that.

“Mmnnynn mmnnnhnn” Vague murmurings were starting to come through to Annabeth who was starting to stir, her had and arms hanging heavily.

“I think our guest is waking up” An unknown voice announced, followed by some footsteps and a door opening and closing.

“Whhu, whatsss goin on” she slurred picking her head up, but trying to raise her hand to her head she felt it tug against something.

Opening her eyes and blinking as the blinding light of the white room filled her eyes, she took in her surroundings. She was currently sat in small white concrete room, her legs and arms attached to a metal chair that seemed to have been positioned facing away from the door and whoever was speaking to her.

“What are you doing, why am I here!” Annabeth shouted, tugging forcibly on her restraints but finding no give in the tight rope. But at least It seemed whatever drug had been used was quickly wearing off.

“Now, now, Dr. Cole, there is no need for that.” A man said, emerging from her left-hand side dragging another chair, stopping directly In front of her. Swivelling it around he sat down on the reversed chair, his eyes meeting hers as he sat just a couple of feet away. An uneasy feeling washing over Annabeth as she looked in the eyes of her captor, dark and wicked in their appearance. Some sort of tribal tattoo peeking out over the collar of his shirt as he sat there looking over her, his eyes wandering along her body in a way that felt predatory to her.

“You know, they say to never meet your heroes but I feel like I’m going to enjoy this.”

“Who…Who are you?” Annabeth asked, her confidence faltering.

“Im a fan of your work Dr. Cole, or may I call you Annabeth.”

“No you may not!” She shot back, but only got a grin in response as he laughed at her comment.

“Okay then, Dr. Cole.” He said leaning in slightly closer. “My name is Laurence and im a bit of a collector and you have something I want.” It was said in a whisper but its impact was strong, but Annabeth had met people like him before.

“So you’re a thief, a grave robber.” She responded, once again tugging at her bindings.

“You might want to choose your words more carefully Dr. Cole. After all your not dead so I wouldn’t call it grave robbing…yet.” Laurence replied, leaning back in his chair clearly annoyed at her aggressive response.

“Look, what ever it is you can have it.” Annabeth said, suddenly realising the danger of the situation, her eyes going to the large knife attached to his belt. All the other criminals she had dealt with usually had a line they didn’t want to cross, but she got the feeling from the man ahead of her that he didn’t have such qualms.

“See, that’s the sort of attitude I was after.” Laurence said smiling and standing up, moving the chair out of the way. “You know in some ways I should be thanking you, I would never have found that temple if it wasn’t for you. That relic had been hidden to me for decades.”

“What temple? The one in Morocco I didn’t find anything!”

“Oooh, and I had thought we had come to some understanding” he said, his hand gesturing between the two of them.

“I found some scrolls but never did a full dig I…” Annabeth stammered, but was cut off as he began tutting at her. Swallowing deeply her mouth went dry as he slowly unclipped the knife from his belt.

“Now, I know you found something else in there.” He said, taking a step forwards and brandishing his knife, slowly pointing it at her breast and tracing over her left nipple. Smiling again he paused and let the knife linger there before grabbing her arm and using the knife to rip open the sleeve of her shirt to reveal the rune tattoo.

“Now, I know you didn’t get that at any ordinary tattoo parlour” he smirked, leaning over tracing it with his hand. A familiar burning sensation spread through her arm as her bladder cramped slightly. Shuffling in her seat she hated the satisfied look that spread across his face as she involuntarily tried to close her legs.

“Felling a little uncomfortable there.” He said raising his eyebrow at her.

“Im fine” Annabeth lied. “Look, I don’t know anything about this. It just attached itself to me, why do you want it anyway.”

“Well, it is my birth right and, I have been looking for them for a long time now.”

“But why do you want this power, surely there are more important things to look for than the ability to control someone’s bladder.” She asked hastily, hoping to convince him that maybe they could work together on something else.

“Annabeth, you don’t understand the power yet, but you might do given time to learn. Its more than just the power of someone’s bladder, its the power over someone, of controlling aspects of another being and their body. Its much more than what you are pretending it is. Im sure even you have felt the draw of the power over the last few days.”

She wasn’t sure what look had come across her face but it was clear he had seen it, was it embarrassment, guilt or did she agree with him?

“See…” He smiled again, pointing his knife at her. “ But its not just that. You see all those years ago the gods, Magi, Mystics, Friends, whatever you want to call them, they cultivated power to help them rule. In total 12 were designed, each one with a distinct enhancement for the one it bonded too. What you have is just one, Satis’s if I remember correctly.” He finished, looking up thoughtfully.

“Your part of the Omotet!”

“What?” He laughed, “You think…Oh no, you really have no idea do you. I am not a member of the Omotet, I am the reason they created the Omotet.” Laurence said, standing up and holding his arms out wide. “You are in for a ride” He said, clapping his hands together with the wicked smile back and bigger than ever. Pulling off his shirt he revealed his torso, a number of runes covering his body. The tattoos were identical in nature to hers, but each one had a distinct pattern matching those of the 12 she had seen in the temple. “You see I had gotten 8 already but the last few were a little harder to find after the Omotet hid them from me.”

“But why, who are you?” Annabeth asked in shock, her eyes glued to the runes and their markings that snaked their way across his body. The large symbols were interlaced with other ordinary tattoos that only seemed to amplify their design and in a weird way make them look more menacing.

Smiling widely there was a glint in his eye, as if he lived for these moments. “I am the god of war, the crusader who built and unified Egypt only to be cast aside by those three idiots.”

“The triad” Annabeth whispered as she struggled to understand what he was saying, how could he be centuries old.

“So you do know something… They lacked ambition, happy to reign over our corner of the world. Yes, some of the sect of 12 went to rule other countries, but even they were too small. With our powers we could have ruled the entire world, used the runes to keep expanding and bringing more people into the light of our divinity. But they lost faith and that wasn’t acceptable.” He finished angrily, his teeth clenched together as he spat out the insults to the ancient deities he was claiming to be one of.

“How?” Annabeth said, her brain reeling with this information. Was he telling the truth or just an insane person, could he really be from Ancient Egypt?

“I was one of the twelve, I had my own rune bestowed upon me by Ra. As his best warrior I was bestowed a rune of great regenerative powers, even mortal wounds wouldn’t kill me. I used it for his glory and for the glory of Egypt, but once I knew the others were wasting their gifts I knew I had to be the one to carry on his legacy. But to do that I need them all, a true form of power that would enable me to fulfil the promise I made to Ra and protect his legacy.”

Walking around the room he began to pace, as if he had rehearsed this in his head a million times, perhaps he had.

Now then the first was easy, gullible old Tjenenyet. It wasn’t hard to convince them to give over their rune, not that fertility and fermentation were the top of my priorities. But then came Renpet, you know I did like her.” He said pausing as if reminiscing about something. “But she was troubled, the power she wielded over time and eternity weighing on her greatly. In a way im sure it was a relief to lose that power, until her real age caught up with her and she turned to dust. But then you see I had the powers of Regeneration, youth and fertility, a powerful combination that allows me to stand before you today.” He said, slamming his feet together with a click and pivoting towards her, his arms outstretched to show himself off.

This was getting more and more insane but in a strange way Annabeth was starting to believe him. But even so she had no idea what to say to the man currently giving her an apparent in person account of ancient history. In a weird way she was fascinated.

“But it was at this point the others, some of the others found out what I was doing and in secret went about removing and hiding the runes from me, your beloved Omotet. You know your research into them is pretty good, I did my best to remove all traces of them and me and yet you still found a lot. So when I was a fan of your work I meant it, extremely useful to me. But anyway, that’s enough about me, you were asking about why you were here?”

“I….” Annabeth stammered, her thoughts stuck in her throat as once again he turned to look at her, an intensity in his gaze that jumbled her mind.

“You can play an important part in history and all you have to do is give me… that” he said pointing the knife back at her arm. You see they were smart enough to make sure that it has to be given up by a willing host to another, it cant be taken.”

“Why would I ever help you, given everything you have said. I mean if you cant take it then you need me” Annabeth said, feeling a little more confident. In all his talking he had now given away that he couldn’t just take it from her. Now she had the upper hand, if she could she might be able to delay him enough and she was sure someone would come for her even if he wouldn’t agree to work with her. Although just as she thought this she saw him smile again, the same smile that sent a shiver down her spine each time she saw it.

“That’s the funny thing about willing, it implies you want to because you want me to have it on accounts of me being such a nice guy.” He smirked, twirling his knife into his index finger as he slowly paced around her in the large room. “But that’s the thing, I’ve found that you can get around that by having something the other person doesn’t want to happen as an alternative.”

Clicking his fingers Annabeth heard the door open, a number of footsteps approaching and placing two chairs noisily in front of her. A moment later the sounds of struggling could be heard as Courtney and Angelica were thrown onto the chairs, their hands and legs quickly attached to the chair in the same way she was.

“We meet again Dr. Cole.” A feminine voice said, a voice Annabeth recognised. Stepping out of the periphery came Dr. Farris, the speaker from the conference and behind her was Jessie her pretend student. “You want to stay still, you want to put your arms by your sides and be tied to the chair.” She said to Annabeth’s friends. Strangely they nodded, placing their hands and giving up all control as they were tied to the chair, a strange blank but satisfied look plastered across their faces.

“I…what are you doing to them” Annabeth asked as her friends were restrained.

“Thank you, sister.” Laurance said, enjoying the confused look on Annabeth’s face as the events of the day continued to get more and more confusing. “You see, there isn’t just one of me. Sam is another, you see these powers that I have been granted can be bestowed on others just as your rune can affect others. Plus, depending on what needs doing its always good to get a hand.” He said, clasping hands with his sister.

Pulling up her sleeve Annabeth could see two runes on the woman she had seen presenting, the over the top laughing from the conference suddenly making sense. In front of her Sam closed her eyes and one of the runes seemed to shimmer slightly before becoming almost liquid in nature. A black ripple running down her arm and onto Laurence before reaching his exposed back and materialising back into the tattoo but now on his body.

Now the transfer was complete he looked down at her, his eyes staring aggressively at her.

“Now then last chance, play nice or things might get more uncomfortable for your friends here.”

“Don’t help them, they attacked us.” Courtney blurted out before swearing loudly as Sam grabbed a chunk of her hair and pulled tightly. What ever effect had been holding her had now dissipated.

“Stop, don’t hurt them!” Annabeth said, her eyes meeting Angelica’s fear filled eyes as she became aware once again.

“I mean… it is entirely up to you what we do, give us the rune or we will have to take further steps.”

Annabeth had to do something, she had to get an edge, to stop them. Tugging on her bonds again she could feel a little give but not enough, wait her power. The very thing she was here for, the rune on her arm and the powers that it gave her. Maybe, if she could fill them up she could it would incapacitate them physically as they wrestled with their bladders. There were just two of them in the room now, there might be others on the way out but that would be a problem for later.

“Tick Tock, im going to need an answer” Laurence said tapping his forearm.

It had to be now or never!

Connecting to her friends bladders she was glad to see them fairly full, it must have been some hours since they were knocked out. Pulling as quickly as she could from Courtney she felt her own bladder swell and looking up at Laurence she connected to his bladder, looking him in the eyes she saw him squint as if trying to uncover what she was doing. But then she pushed…she pushed…pushed, it wasn’t working! A pulse from her overfilled bladder caused her to groan and double over. She had thought she would only be holding it for seconds but now it was causing her some discomfort.

“Nice try” Laurence said before laughing out loud. Walking up to her he prodded a finger into her Abdomen, the sudden pressure sending out forks of pain through her bladder and causing her to groan loudly.

“Looks like someone tried to pull a fast one, but you see there was only one problem with that. The Runes don’t work on each other, I cant affect you and you cant affect me.”

“Oooh” Annabeth groaned again, her legs now furiously bobbing up and down as her bladder continued to cramp painfully. She had to do something with the contents but she couldn’t bring herself to put it back in her friends.

“That wasn’t very nice now was it, after I gave you a chance to do it the easy way. But I guess you want it to be the hard way.” He said, his eyes narrowing as he took steps towards her.

“Since you are so fond of this” He said, kicking her chair and hooking it around violently so now she was facing away from her friends. “Why don’t we see how you like it”. Violently he cut her hand free from the chair before wrenching it away from her, forcing her to bend her elbow and for her hand to make contact with her rune. Immediately the pressure in her bladder went through the roof as she groaned loudly again, powerful pulses racing though her body.

Taking the strands of rope he began wrapping her hand to the rune, tightly securing it in place and in constant contact with her arm.

“Oh god” Annabeth whimpered, feeling her muscles threatening to release her pee at any moment as more and more liquid magically filled her bladder.

“He cant help you here” Sam said, smiling wickedly like her brother and pulling Annabeth’s head back. A bottle of water was hovering above her and as her head was pulled back it began pouring onto Annabeth face. Spluttering as some went down her nose, the rest entering and overflowing her mouth as she began coughing. The sudden contractions of her stomach combined with the wetness now flowing over her skin were the last straw for her still filling bladder. Pee exploded out of her, a loud hiss filling the room as her jeans darkened from her pee and the water being poured over her. The relief was intense at first but the feeling quickly disappeared, her hand pressing on the rune and causing her bladder to fill indefinitely. She was caught between the constant bliss of relief and pain of a filled bladder. No matter how long she peed it seemed to make no difference, but that wasn’t the worst part.

Behind her she could hear grunts and groans from her friends, the two of them also rapidly filling. Thankfully she had taken some from Courtney and she already knew of Angelicas sizable bladder but she was sure that they to would soon be suffering a similar fate. Forced to wet themselves constantly for however long their captors wanted to keep them in this state.

A full minute later and her Jeans were completely drenched, her legs wet and warm as a giant puddle spread out from under her chair and across the floor. The whimpers and gasps from the two behind her getting louder and more frequent as even their large bladders started to reach their limits.

“Please Annabeth” Angelica begged

“Don’t!” Courtney grunted, “We can take it.”

“Such fortitude” Laurence said mockingly, “you look fit to burst” he said as Annabeth heard him walk up to Courtney and likely prod her bladder judging by the yell that came out of her moments later.

“But I’m afraid you won’t be suffering the same fate as your friend here” Laurence said, condescendingly patting Annabeth on the shoulder as a torrent continued to fall from the chair as she desperately tugged to get her arm free from the rune.

“One of the many perks of all of these powers is that they can combine into some truly interesting combinations. For instance, after many years of practice I’m able to control people’s muscles, the inner workings of their bodies easy to manipulate. People are almost like a puppet for me, although I must say its still quite difficult to force people to do things. Its kind of why im hoping your rune can help me out with that, given that many things in your body are controlled by water and blood. But im getting ahead of myself, for now I think this will do.” He said, clearly doing something to the two women behind Annabeth but she couldn’t tell what.

“What are you doing to them” She grunted as she rocked in her chair, pee still flowing out of her and splattering noisily off the metal chair.

“Im saving them from suffering a fate like yours, like I said I would. Now they wont pee themselves, even if they wanted too.” He repeated, coming around to stand in front of her again.

“Now, this is quite some mess you have made Dr. Cole.” Sam said condescendingly, picking up her heavy duty boot and shaking her foot as some of the puddle dripped from them.

“Ahhhh” A grunt filled the room, far louder than the last.

“I think your friend their might be needing to pee. But im afraid that’s not going to happen, you see ive locked her muscles and now even if she wants to, she simply cannot let any of that painful pee out. And with your hand stuck where it is, I’d say they have just a few minutes before something bad happens to them. Well… something worse.”

“Courtney?” Annabeth asked loudly, craning her neck around but unable to see her or get any response other than another loud whimper.

“Now, I am a generous man. I will give you one more chance, give me the rune or I will let this continue and you can listen to the sounds of your friends’ bladders exploding and the cries of pain that will fill this room. In fact part of me is curious if that thing on your arm will know what to do if that happens?”

“Why are you doing this” Angelica cried behind them, beginning to sob.

“All I want is the Rune Annabeth!” He said forcefully, crouching down to stare her in the eyes.

“Im going to explode!” Courtney said, her voice pained and faltering between syllables.

“Fine, please stop this!” Annabeth cried; she couldn’t listen to her friends in pain any longer. Her own body exhausted from constantly wetting itself for over 2 minutes now, litres of pee had to have spilled out of her and yet her bladder was still full.

“Hey, I knew we could come to some agreement!” Laurence said happily as she clapped his hands together.

Next to her Sam cut her hand free and their bladders stopped filling. But given the damage already done Annabeth just continued to pee, her absolutely drenched jeans unable to soak any more up as she continued to add to the absolutely massive puddle covering most of the room.

Using his foot Laurence spun the chair noisily around, ripples going through the puddle as she moved back to face her friends. Their faces pictures of pain and their abdomens bloated beyond anything Annabeth had ever seen. Their bladders painfully protruding inches from the sweating and groaning women.

Scanning their giant abdomens, she noticed that they were both over 100%! Courtney sat at 112% while Angelicas heavily pregnant looking bulge was at 128%, how was this even possible.

“Don’t even think about it!” Her thoughts interrupted as he had appeared to read them, or was that one of his abilities?.

“Please I have too” Annabeth said looking at her two squirming and still groaning friends as they painfully struggled with their distended bladders.

“No, not until I have the rune. One this deal is complete then….”

But he didn’t get a chance to finish that sentence.

A deafening bang filled the room, a forceful explosion knocking their two captors off their feet while Annabeth fell painfully into her own puddle of pee.

Dazed and slightly confused for the second time that day, she looked up to see the entire west wall had been removed. The gaping hole open to the nights sky and figures began rushing through. What was going on now, was she being kidnapped again?

Rushing over one of the figures began picking her up, they were trying to talk to her but her ears were filled with ringing from the explosion.

Dazed and confused she could feel herself being untied and looking over to the other side of the room, both of her friends were also being untied. Their abdomens still protruding painfully as they cupped them, gingerly getting to their feet after being freed.

“Ann….you……nee…” The figure in front of her tried speaking to her again.

Slowly the ringing subsided a little, “You have to help them, he locked their bladder or something.” She said or rather yelled as she struggled to gauge how loud she was being.

Looking over she noticed one of her rescuers clutch something around his neck and touch Courtney. Almost instantly she convulsed slightly, her knees bowing inwards and head tilting back as a waterfall of pee erupted out of her and between her shaking legs. The river splattering noisily onto the ground as she seemed to give in to the pleasure and was almost immobilised by it.

“We ha..to…m….” The figure said again, shaking Annabeth by the shoulders.

Then through the gloom of noise and smoke she heard more loud bangs as sparks and rubble flew from around her. The door to the room was open and a number of guards had positioned themselves outside it and were shooting into the room.

Ducking again, she let herself be pushed towards Courtney and Angelica, her hearing finally coming back but not making her feel any better as the sounds of gunshots echoed off the concrete walls.

“We have to get out of here” The figure shouted as another couple began shooting back at the guards as the firefight escalated. Ushered towards the exit she could still she the massive bulge under Angelica’s dress. “You need to help her!” she shouted over the noise.

“Lets just get out of here!” Angelica grunted, her hands cupping her giant belly as she somehow found the strength and peace of mind to scramble for the exit.

Climbing through the hole in the wall she found herself stood next to another group of people who were guarding a pair of large off-road vehicles that looked almost military.

“Get in!” The rescuer shouted. pushing her along.

“Where are we going!” Annabeth shouted, suddenly not sure if this was going to be a repeat of earlier.

“Annabeth, just get in and we will tell you on the way!”

Wait, she knew that voice….”Miia?”

Next to her the woman unhooked the edge of the shemag covering her face to reveal the young woman she had met in Morocco.

“Yes, now get in the car or do you want to be shot.”

Seeing the sense in her words Annabeth climbed in, quickly joined by Miia, Courtney and the groaning Angelica. In front of them another three of the rescuers climbed in, slamming the doors and the accelerator as they sped out of the compound. Smashing through a chain-link fence on the perimeter the two cars sped down the road and soon they were sat in quiet once more

“what is going on?” Courtney said next to her.

“I don’t know, what are you doing here Miia, who are you people?” Annabeth rattled the questions out, before being interrupted by a pitiful whimper from Angelica.

“Please” she said in hushed tones, her hands cradling her enormous bladder.

“Can you…” Annabeth started, but one of the people in the row ahead was already on it.

This time the person touched a hanging pendant from his wrist before reaching over and touching

“Oh Fuck!” Angelica screamed as a loud hiss and patter of pee filled the vehicle, her jet so powerful it hit the back of the chair ahead of her for a few seconds as her beyond full bladder released its contents. Her already enormous bladder pushed beyond any natural limits and containing several litres. For minutes the group sat in hushed silence as Angelica panted, her pee loudly filling the vehicle and spilling out a gap under the door. Her dress darkening and saturated almost all the way up her chest as more and more pee poured out of her. The acrid smell filling the vehicle and a warm wetness running along the bench and soaking into the three of them as well. Annabeth’s cooling jeans now warm and wet once again, while Miia looked down and tried to edge out of the way of the tide unsuccessfully, but no one said anything given the ordeal Angelica had been through.

After almost 5 minutes of sitting in quiet Annabeth had just too many questions.

“What…what is going on?” She whispered to Miia, taking her eyes of Angelica who was now sat with her legs wide open and head tilted back, the occasional quiver racing through her body.

“Ill tell you everything, but now we need to get to the airport. Its not safe here.” Miia replied, before nodding at the driver who sped up as they passed through the dark night.

###

Thank you for reading!

I realise that was a bit of a darker and lore filled chapter, but I hope you still enjoyed it.

Disclaimer, all history talked about here is 100% made up but is based on “real” figures.

I am going to be brining this story to a close and only have 2-3 more chapters planned out. But they are probably going to be a bit longer than these have been, which also means they might take a little bit longer to write. But at least I hope to give this a fitting and suitable ending.

*054*2021-04-22 00:24

Chapter 14: Atlantis of the Sands

The last few hours had been a bit of a blur for Annabeth, the quick car ride taking them to an airstrip she didn’t even know existed near the outskirts of Cambridge. The darkened hangers and square buildings reminding her more of an industrial estate than a functioning airfield. From there they had taken a large helicopter to Scotland before boarding another plane heading for Oman in the middle east.

It turned out that they had a base out there, the Omotet hiding from Laurence beyond Egypt’s borders in a hidden town. Although, they were not willing to tell her much more and the few guards she spoke too were understandably reluctant to give away the location of the place that had kept them safe for generations.

As for Miia it transpired that she had been herself captured by some of Laurence’s goons, the soldiers for hire grabbing her from her house in the middle of the night after learning about Annabeth from other locals. Apparently, the group didn’t much go in for stealth and subterfuge these days. But given their power and money it was probably something they thought wasn't worth the effort. They had tracked her down with the help of some local informants and just like Annabeth were going to kill her until the Omotet saved her. They had picked up on the talk about them capturing someone linked to the runes disappearance and just like their enemy had wanted to know more. After explaining the situation to her, Miia had quickly volunteered to come and save Annabeth and had found herself being flown half way around the world.

When she pressed her about it Miia had joked about always wanting to see the world, but Annabeth could tell there was something else. She wasn’t sure what she had done to inspire such trust and Loyalty in a stranger but she was glad she had.

Now travelling along an old dirt road in the back of a jeep the first rays of morning sunshine were appearing over the desert dunes that surrounded them.

“We are almost there!” The man at the front yelled over the rush rush off wind passing through the side less vehicle.

“Where?” Courtney yelled back, much of the Omotets plan still hidden from them.

“You’ll see" He smiled back.

“That's helpful” Courtney shouted, giving him a sarcastic thumbs up and causing Angelica to laugh.

Looking at the pink haired woman she was struck by the same feelings of gratefulness she held for Miia. Angelica had gone through a lot but even when she offered to pay for her to go home she refused, wanting to see this thing through to the end. So, with nothing else to do she had joined Annabeth, Courtney and Miia on their journey. The other student Lisa had woken up at home with a headache and no memories, not the worst outcome but it did make Annabeth wonder why they had taken one of her students and not the other. Maybe during their study session together Jessie had realised that Angelica knew a lot more than the average student, although that was a little unfair on Lisa.

A couple of minutes later they turned off the trail and into a small town, its sandstone buildings half buried but covered in colourful materials. Pulling up the group travelling with the jumped out, immediately grabbing a sand coloured net and beginning to place it above the car. A stark reminder that they were being hunted.

“I was beginning to worry…” A voice shouted over to them, a silver haired woman standing in the doorway of one of the huts. Waving them over Annabeth gave the others a quick look before they accepted her invitation.

Walking into it they were surprised to see a modern interior, they even had air conditioning that seemed to be powered by a small wind turbine. Walking into the main room they took a chair and waited to learn why they were here, or hopefully learn how they were going to get out of it.

“Do any of you want a drink?” The silver haired woman asked, before waving over a man holding a tray with a large pot of tea and several small cups.

“Im Elizabeth Clarke and im sure you are all wondering what you are doing here.” She said, smiling warmly at the group of them. But there was something off, she couldn’t be who she was claiming to be because…

“But…you’re dead?” Courtney said, beating Annabeth’s brain to the conclusion it was drawing, memories of a news article about a plane crash coming back to her.

“Yes well, not quite yet” she laughed “an unfortunate lie that had to be told to protect those that I love. As I am sure you are aware yourselves, there are some unsavoury characters that would like to get their hands on that” she said pointing to Annabeth’s arm.

“Yes, look I am sorry to to be so forward, but I was wondering who I should be giving the rune too...you?”

“What?” Elizabeth asked, clearly confused by the suggestion.

“The rune, it can be given to someone willingly and after the week I have had I'm very willing, given you guys seem to be the god guys in this scenario.”

“Oh…im sorry that wont be possible.”

“Why not!?” Annabeth exclaimed, feeling the end to this had been within her grasp. Although if it had been that easy, why would they have flown her half way around the world.

“Members of the Omotet are the guardians of the runes, we are forbidden from using their powers. To allow the rune to pass onto ourselves is breaking the first tenant of our oath and while I may be an outsider like you. I do not plan on breaking the tenants that I have agreed too in good faith.

“Wait so im stuck with this thing?” Annabeth asked, feeling a little crest fallen and like she had seen the solution to her troubles pulled away from her at the last moment.

“No, there is a way to remove it from anyone who wants to, although it likely wont be easy. Originally these runes would only ever be given to the best of the best, so to give up the rune they needed a way of testing your fortitude to stop followers taking it lightly and only having it when it suited them. But luckily, we do know where that rune’s origin is and how to get to it. In a way with Laurence or whatever he calling himself these days, by having so many it let us concentrate on just a few and that has made things substantially easier.”

A sense of relief washed over Annabeth, as much as she had started to enjoy the ability to humble people in the most basic of ways. It was still a burden, a power she wasn’t sure she actually wanted. A fact that was especially true if meant there was a mad man after her.

“Wasn’t the temple in Morocco its origin?” Courtney asked.

“No, that was just where we hid it. A lesser-known temple that had barely been finished or mentioned before the Omotet went into hiding. It was why it was such a surprise that you managed to find it. If it hadn’t been so awfully awkward, I would have been impressed.” She finished, smiling once again at Annabeth as she took a sip from her tea.

“Now then, while I can help you I do need some reassurances from you that nothing you learn about will ever leave your lips. No academic papers, no books, not even a word to your friends about this. We rely on absolute secrecy and any slip up by any of you could get us all killed, im sorry to be so frank but that is what is on the line for us." Elizabeth said, a stern look on her face for the first time since they had met.

“We understand” Annabeth said, the others nodding solemnly. “Besides, its probably better for everyone if I don’t have this thing on my arm.”

Annabeth could tell Elizabeth was trying to gage her sincerity, staring intently into her eyes. After a few seconds the woman’s stern look softened and she nodded to the man stood behind them.

“If you go with Noah, he will take you to Aram”

“Aram…Aram!?” Annabeth asked, checking she had heard her correctly.

“Yes that Aram” The woman smiled again, “Where else is it best to hide such a temple but the Atlantis of the sands. Luckily its not even that far from here.”

Tipping the last few drops of water from her empty canteen into her mouth Annabeth hoped they were getting close. They had been walking for over an hour and despite being early morning the heat was unbearable.

“Sorry, how close are we?” Angelica asked, sweat pouring down her face and her own large canteen also having been emptied.

“We are almost there, its just over that dune.” The scarfed man called Noah responded, pointing forwards over a giant mound of sand.

“Oooh, great!” Courtney joked, taking a moment and exhaling deeply, shaking her head before checking her empty canteen for the second time and stepping to join the others trudging through the endless sand.

“Do you want some more water?” Miia offered, her heritage meaning she was much more use to these type of temperatures although even she glistening in the scorching sun.

“Thanks” Courtney said, accepting the canteen and taking a short swig, trying not to use too much of the water offered to her generously.

Thankfully for them all it didn’t take them as long to climb the dune as they thought and going down the other side they could see a small cave ahead of them.

Entering it the group let out a joint moan of pleasure as the shade cooled their baking skin and eased their tired eyes.

“From this point on you must go alone.” Noah said, removing his scarf and uncapping a canteen he had apparently only just felt the need to drink from.

“What why?” Angelica asked nervously.

“We can not enter” Noah added, pointing upwards to a sandstone keystone in an archway buried deep in the walls of the unnatural cave.

“Shrine of the Oasis?” Courtney read aloud, even her tired brain finding it easy to translate the language that was considered dead to most people.

“It is a sacred temple of the Omotet, as its servants we can not enter. We must not let temptation draw us in and lead us to destruction through greed.” He said slightly monotone, almost as if he had read and said the sentence many hundreds of times over.

“I…ok well thank you for getting us here…but what do we do inside?” Annabeth asked.

“Im not sure, none of us have been inside.” He replied.

“I guess that makes sense.” Annabeth sighed, although how did they know this was the right place then?

“So do we just walk in, do we need anything?” Courtney asked, checking herself over and looking for something despite the fact they had left anything and everything they were carrying in a bin somewhere in Scotland. Even their phones and smart watches had to be discarded or risk the others somehow following them, it felt like some sort of bad spy movie. Not that any of their belongings would help them in the temple anyway.

“Shall we?” Annabeth asked, gesturing to the temple as She Courtney Angelica and…”Wait, Aren’t you part of the Omotet?” She asked as Miia took a step towards the opening.

“I mean…not technically. I’ve just been kind of with them but if this thing gets resolved then maybe I can go home. Never thought I’d be saying that” she smiled, but the look on her face told Annabeth that she must have been missing her family a lot more than she was letting on. From the sounds of it they hadn’t exactly had chance to say goodbye, the suddenness of it probably making things worse for her now.

Smiling back at her Annabeth formed in behind the group of 4 as they entered the shrine of the Oasis.

Entering the darkness they passed through a small tunnel network before emerging into a stunning view. A large underground chamber filled with Quartz like rocks that seemed to be emitting some kind of visible almost ultra-violet light. The entire room was bathed in a pastel blue colour that seemed to shift and move almost as if the rocks contained shifting sands themselves.

“I’ve never seen anything like it.” Angelica said, walking over and looking closely at a pair of the giant rocks.

“This place is unbelievable” Miia added in hushed tones, her eyes looking around intently as she took in the wonderful sight. Walking over to one herself she gently touched it with an outstretched finger.

“Oooh” She moaned, a hand shooting to her abdomen.

“What’s wrong?” Courtney asked, the group now looking at Miia.

“I would not touch those, It was like a static shock but kind of…in my bladder.” She said, trying to laugh it off but her cheeks burning red with embarrassment.

“Yeah, I can speak from experience that maybe we shouldn’t be touching things in here.” Annabeth said, nodding towards her arm.

“I think there is something over here?” Angelica called from across the room, directing their attention to a large door partially hidden from view by a stone column.

“To return the favour of the gods you must prove your devotion is the reason.” Courtney started to read the inscription, “The trials of the Oasis will judge you worthy or not, this is your last chance to listen to fate and use your gifts for the betterment of mankind.....humiliation.....something about services to god.... Failure to retain the waters of life will be considered a failure of willpower and will end your journey”

“So, your usual leave or be dammed kind of deal” Miia replied, her blunt explanation catching the three Archaeologists a bit by surprise given they are usually told to take such things seriously.

“Yeah, but we have seen this description before, the water of life. I think it means if we... pee in here we will lose our chance to pass the trial. Is that something you are ok with, if you are uncomfortable then I can go alone?” Annabeth said, addressing the group and meaning every word of it. They had already gone through so much for her, she didn't want to make them do any more.

“Im so sweaty I don’t think ill be peeing for days.” Miia joked, wiping a layer of it from her head and showing that even she was struggling despite appearances.

“No chance you are doing it alone, I mean its why we are here” Courtney said, as she and Angelica began pushing the large rock doors open.

Inside was another chamber, similarly lit by the large blue rocks. However, this time there was a central disk of metal placed in the middle of the floor, a strange contraption built onto it. Stepping onto the metal disk her Annabeth’s footsteps echoed through the room, the metallic clank suggesting that this was covering a hole in the ground. They would need to be careful, but Annabeth could feel her instincts coming back to her.

“Be careful, we don’t know if they built any traps in this place.” She said, her voice calm but the message a serious one. “You guys wait over there and I’ll see what this is.”

Walking slowly along Annabeth studies her footfalls carefully, looking at the ornate carvings that were covering the metal disk. But after a couple of minutes she made it to the middle, now able to see the strange device that despite its age seemed brand new.

“There is a lever mechanism, its labelled as the trial of fortitude. I think it’s the first test, what ever it is.” Annabeth shouted across the room.

“Do you think its safe?” Courtney replied, the others stood together at the edge of the room.

“I….I don’t know. But I think it’s the only way we are going to get through this. There is a door on the other side but we cant reach it, im guessing this thing opens it.”

Pausing for a moment to make sure there were large spikes or rocks positioned above her Annabeth put her hand on the lever and taking a deep breath she began to wind it. Beneath her she could feel the metal rumbling and after a few seconds and a deafening sound of screeching metal they began to move. The giant metal disk turning into segments and spiralling around her, leaving her no way back even if she wanted too.

The others watched as the metal plates began folding into each other, surrounding Annabeth and forming an even more elaborate machine. The underside of the disk apparently attached to a number of structures and mechanisms that were now being placed on the surface near Annabeth.

After what felt like a long time the room fell silent again, a few pieces of rock bouncing off the walls of the cave revealed below.

“You ok?” Miia shouted.

“Yeah thanks, I think this is the trial. There is another tablet here.” Annabeth responded, walking over to the ancient language and beginning to read.

“I…if im reading this correctly…all I need to do is to drink this pot of water?” She announced, sounding clearly confused by the trial. The others looking at each other and shrugging.

Removing the top off the large ceramic bowl that had appeared in front of her, she was amazed to see the seal was still intact and the water even looked fresh. In the opening it seemed to have a small cup attached to a pole similarly to a bucket in a well. The deep vessel thankfully only half full and by her estimates only holding 3 – 4 pints.

But reaching into it she realised the real trial was about to begin. As her skin touched the cup she felt a jolt of electricity pulse though her bladder and causing it to spasm inside her. Releasing the cup the impulses stopped and she sighed, the cup was made of the same rocks that had shocked Miia earlier.

“Well here goes nothing” She whispered to herself as she grabbed the cup and dropped it beneath the water, pulling it up quickly she felt the shocks in her bladder escalate with each second she was holding it.

Pacing in small circles she tipped back the cup, attempting to drink the water as quickly as possible. The strange sensations from her bladder causing it to cramp painfully and make her feel as if she was about to wet herself despite the fact she knew she wasn’t. Finishing the first cup in just a few seconds she all but threw the cup back into the pot, groaning quietly in relief as the strange prickly sensation stopped.

Putting both hands between her legs she bent over, taking a deep breath and trying to relax her body. The cramping and painful twinges from her abdomen slowly subsiding, the only problem was she knew she needed to do it again.

Standing there for a minute she stared intently at the pot before gritting her teeth and grabbing the cup again, the painful stimulation so much worse now. Gulping down the water she continued to move around, her legs moving a lot and strangely helping counteract the sensations in her body. Somehow she finished the glass but even as she put the cup back she could feel the sensations carrying on her body. It seemed the longer she held onto it the worse it was going to be.

Looking down at the container it was half empty to her relief, just two more!

As she finished gulping down the third she could already feeling her stomach bloating, the sudden influx of three pints of water making her stomach feel full. She hadn’t worried too much about the previous warning about not peeing, but after drinking all this she worried about lasting that long. Although with her new powers she could deal with whatever was coming her way.

But even as she tried to pump herself up she couldn’t help but hesitate, pausing as her hand went for the final glass. Even now after a couple of minutes she could feel the tingles and lightning shocks still running through her. What ever this was she hoped it wasn’t going to do any permanent damage.

With a shaking hand Annabeth grabbed the cup, letting out an involuntary groan as she felt her bladder spasm wildly, vibrating inside her. Biting her other hand to stop herself groaning loudly she removed it and put the cup to her lip, some drops spilling onto her lips that she quickly caught in case any spilt liquid counted. Breathing heavily through her nose she drank quickly, a burp coming up her throat but she fought through it anyway. She just wanted this to be over, the strange shocks and quaking now extremely painful like a pulled muscles or a serious case of cramp. A deep pang from her bladder making her eyes go wide as she hastily crossed her legs, her confused muscles threatening to lose control of her pee any second.

Finally the cup ran dry and as she returned it to the container she waited, but nothing happened.

Maybe it wouldn’t be that easy, or…

Grabbing the lid from the container she replaced it and was happy to hear a oud click from some hidden mechanism.

Just as it had almost 10 minutes earlier the metal disk began to fold down, rotated in its new position it formed a bridge across to the new door. The other parts folding down and leaving a path for the others to follow.

Feeling the first need to pee Annabeth looked down and attempted to scan herself. But try as she might, what ever was allowing her to see peoples bladders and their contents, it no longer seemed to be working. Checking her arm the rune was still there, but was something inhibiting her powers? Maybe it was these rocks, what else could they do she wondered. Although given that the people who made this knew what the rune was truly capable, letting anyone use it here would probably be kind of like cheating.

Feeling another rumble under her feet she looked up to where she heard a loud clanging noise. Ahead of her she saw the second door open, getting a faint glimpse of a similar mechanism in the next chamber. What ever was going on here, it didn’t seem like it was over yet.

How many more of these would they need to go through before they got where they wanted to be. Hopefully it wouldn’t be too long, given how full her stomach was feeling and how vulnerable her bladder was feeling, she didn’t want to bet on being able to hold this all for too long.

###

Thanks for reading

Its been a bit of a rollercoaster for the characters, but I hope you are all enjoying this story.

They are close to salvation, but what else will this temple throw at them and will they be able to accomplish their mission?

*058*2021-05-01 00:09

Chapter 15: Trials of the Oasis (Finale)

“How are you feeling?” Courtney asked as the group caught up with Annabeth.

“Im ok” Annabeth smiled, but the hand on her sore bladder was telling a different story.

“Do you need to use us?” Courtney offered.

“I…My powers don’t work down here. So it looks like I’ve got to hold this.” She replied, moving towards the next chamber a little gingerly. The occasional shock or pulse still racing through the nerves of her bladder.

“Do you think its the rocks?” Angelica asked, staring up at the celling which seemed to be covered in lots of little outcroppings of them.

“That was my guess”

“Do you think they would let us take a sample back?” Courtney wondered aloud.

“I wouldn’t bet on it.” Miia replied “They are quite protective over anything involving the runes. But there is no reason not to ask?”

“Well that’s a problem for later, for now we need to concentrate on these trials” Annabeth brought them back to the task at hand, the next room featuring an almost identical set up as before. The only difference was the set up in the middle, the disk now much smaller and with only enough room for one person to stand on safely. If more of them tried to join them, they might risk being injured by the rotating blades of the floor as they moved to form the chamber around them.

“Maybe we should take it in turns?” Courtney said, clearly seeing the same thing and coming to the same conclusion.

“But, this is my fault. I should be the one to do these.” Annabeth replied earnestly.

“We are all in this together, plus we don’t know how many of these there will be. Without your powers to help redistribute the water we should probably all help.”

“It seems like the most likely way of beating them.” Miia agreed with Courtney, Angelica nodding too.

Feeling another faint pulse racing through her bladder Annabeth couldn’t deny their logic, she would probably benefit from having a little break too. Letting out a sigh she knew there was no point in arguing and relented, nodding slowly at her friends.

Stepping onto the disk Courtney followed Annabeth’s example and made her way to the middle of it slowly. Making sure not to step on anything that might have been a pressure plate hidden in the carvings. She eventually made it to the middle where a large stone carving stood before her, on it seemed to be this disks instructions.

“Trial of time…or maybe longevity?” Courtney said aloud as she studied the inscription before turning the crank. Like last time the metal petals rotated and formed a smaller platform for her, cutting Courtney off from the others and their possible help.

Rising from the centre came a large hourglass shaped structure, the bottom half filled with babbling water behind a small window. Clicking into place a small clasp holding the hourglass in place was released and Courtney watched as it began to swing downwards, a stream of water flowing down a thin pipe and filling a small cup near the base she had missed until now.

Picking it up Courtney drank the small cupful of water, still studying the machine to see what the real trial was. But even as she finished the water it remained still, the only sound and movement a small trickle of water that seemed to be somehow going up the metal structure, defying gravity.

Walking around the machine she could see it accumulating near the top, but there were no other instructions written on it. She was stuck, she couldn’t see what to do next. Glancing back towards the others her cheeks began to burn red with embarrassment, she was supposed to be able to do this, to show her understanding of ancient languages. What would Annabeth think of her if she was the one that failed these tasks?

But doing one more lap around it, just as her mind began to panic she saw the central piece begin to wavier slightly before upturning and just like last time the water rushed down the small spout and into the cup she had replaced.

It was a trial of time!

By her reckoning the thing would rotate every 4 minutes and provide her another small cup to drink. Picking it up she began to drink it slowly, now aware she had plenty of time to do so and there was no need to rush. But looking down at the water in the machine it would take some time and many rotations to empty it completely.

“Guys this one might take a while” she yelled back to her friends.

“What’s wrong?” Angelica asked

“Nothing, its just how it is set up. It gives me a bit of water every few minutes. I don’t think there is a way of speeding it up.”

“That ok, take your time and be careful.” Annabeth said, glad that the pulses had finally stopped in her bladder caused by her own trial. Although, now she was becoming aware of the familiar pressure building inside her bladder that would only be getting worse. Despite telling Courtney to take her time, she was also hoping she wouldn’t be.

40 minutes later and on the 12th turn of the machine both her and Courtney were relieved when a loud clunk reverberated through the room. The bottom of the machine had finally run dry, although Courtney could feel the dozen half cups of water passing through her system. Putting a hand on her stomach she stifled a burp caused by the almost constant drinking she had gone through in the last 30 minutes, a slight feeling of nausea coming on by the last couple of cups as she forced herself to drink them.

Steadying herself she waved over the others as the rotating plates fell back into place and the next door opened, revealing another machine in the next chamber.

“Well I guess this one is mine” Angelica smiled at them as they crossed through the ornate doors that been opened by the last machine

“What do you mean, I can do this one. I just needed a break and I can’t ask you to do this, your just a first year.” Annabeth replied.

“No its ok, I can do this one too.” Courtney interjected, but Angelica had already made up her mind.

“Look guys, we don’t know how many more of these there are, so its probably going to be best if we share them out. I will be fine, this isn’t my first dig remember. I might only be a first year but I’ve been doing things like this for almost 8 years now.”

“Things like this?” Miia said raising an eyebrow.

“Well not quite like this…. But I’m not as inexperienced as it might seem.”

Not waiting for any more discussion Angelica started making her way across the metal plates, placing one foot in front of the other along the metal rim of one of the metal disks like a seasoned professional. Although, she couldn’t help but feel a little nervous. Despite being on many excavations she may have oversold her experience, but she didn’t want to let any of them down. She had grown up reading about Annabeth and she was a real hero of hers, an inspiration to the young Angelica who had seen Annabeth as a relatable heroin a world full of men showing off. This was the chance of a life time, she was literally walking through a temple unopened for centuries and seeing things no one had seen in modern history. What she would have given to be in this position before today.

Reaching the middle of the room she began studying the pictograms and language written on the tablet in front of her. It took some time but picking out some words she recognised this definitely seemed to say something about a test of burden and retention of something. She wasn’t quite sure what that meant, but having seen Annabeth begin to show subtle signs of desperation throughout Courtney’s trial she didn’t have any other choice but to go forwards.

Pulling the lever she almost lost her balance as the entire platform juddered, a screeching noise sounding as something was clearly struggling to move under her. The ancient platform not what it once was.

Eventually the petal like discs pulled away from the edges and contraptions rose around her. A metal iris opening to the side and a tall glass container filled with water raised up through the gap. It was connected by a long wire to some sort of weight pully that hung over the edge of the platform. Clicking into place the room fell still again as the machine stopped moving and the trial was revealed.

Looking around the platform it seemed what ever she had to do, involved the large container and the pully system. Peering nervously through a gap in the plates she was glad she wasn’t afraid of heights, but it allowed her to spot what the pully connection was attached too. It seemed to be working as a counter weight, connected too…. the bottom of the water container which also sat on a pressure plate.

Closing her eyes and hanging her head it was clear what the trial was, her slight mistranslations probably actually meant volume or capacity. She was going to have to drink the mass of liquid currently sat in the large container. By removing the weight of water it would likely set off the pressure plate mechanism and allow them to progress.

Opening her eyes she could see a small spout coming out from the triangular bottom of the container. Was this even possible, could she even drink all of this? It had to be several litres if not gallons of water contained within the slender glass container. Part of her wanted to see if she could move it or make some contraption so that the water would pour out over the edge and into the chasm below. But she didn’t know how they were keeping track of what was going on, what other seemingly magical sensors or abilities existed inside this temple. She couldn’t be the one to fail, there was nothing else to do but to drink it.

Sitting under the spout Angelica tilted her head back, her arm reaching up, gently twisting the tap open she felt her mouth fill with cool and refreshing water. The first few mouthfuls were pleasant but even as she enjoyed these, she knew that shortly she would be hating the flavour and coolness of the water.

Guzzling the water down she kept swallowing more and more of the water, her nostrils flaring as she breathed heavily though them. Her chest rising and falling with each mouthful she drank as she stared blankly at the container and continued to drink it. Within a minute her stomach already ached and felt bloated, but there was much more to come. At the same time as wanting to take a break, she was also aware that this was so much water there would be no way she could hold it all. If she took too long then it would start reaching her bladder by the time she finished, and that could spell disaster not only for her but for the others. She wouldn’t be the one to let them down, no matter how uncomfortable she felt, she would just have to keep drinking.

With renewed conviction she continued to chug, her left hand gently rubbing and massaging her stomach as it swelled, expanding as the giant container was emptied into her body. Her lose fitting trousers already applying pressure to her abdomen as it grew, but she wasn’t anywhere near done drinking yet.

Mouthful after mouthful of water rained out of the machine and into her waiting mouth, becoming harder and harder to swallow as her body responded to the litres of water she was forcing it to drink. Her stomach groaning under the weight of it all, her white skin stretched taught over her inflated abdomen as she grew.

Eventually, with red cheeks and hazy vision the onslaught of water finally stopped. The tall cylinder finally empty of water. The sea that had been inside of it now completely contained within Angelica who by this point looked pregnant, or possibly a beached whale. She had been forced to release the knot in her trousers to allow them to open more, but even at their limit they were still uncomfortably pushing on her bloated body.

Feeling the platform rumbling under her she tried to sit up, both hands cradling her full stomach that was forcing her legs around its bulking mass. Outstretching one hand she grabbed hold of one of the metal struts and hauled herself to her feet, the shifting weight inside her causing her to groan loudly as the others approached.

“Holly shit” Miia said, her eyes falling on the pregnant looking woman that had seemingly tripled in size in the last 10 minutes.

“Are you ok!” Annabeth said, equally alarmed at her student’s appearance.

“Yeah im ok” Angelica replied, a lump forming in her sore throat from all the swallowing.

“Well, I think that’s enough trails for you.” Annabeth continued, as Courtney went over to help Angelica move along to the next room. Each movement upsetting the ocean inside her and causing her to puff out her cheeks.

“Yeah, you guys take a break. I will see what this next test has to offer.” Miia replied walking quickly and confidently towards the centre of the machine, the excitement east to detect in her voice despite what she had seen Angelica just go through.

But reaching the middle she suddenly realised a problem; she couldn’t read the inscriptions on the stone tablet.

“Uh guys, I’m going to need some help reading these” She shouted back to the others as she watched Courtney help Angelica sit down on the other side.

“Can you describe them?” Annabeth replied.

“Uhhh sure…. There is a bird with an egg on its head, a man with a dogs face, some weird beetle thing, two cats playing, the sun…”

Despite the difficulties of second-hand translations of symbols she couldn’t see, 20 minutes later they had deciphered the test, or at least most of it.

“It’s a test of willpower” Annabeth summarised.

“Great, Ive got this then.” Miia said grinning to herself and turning the lever. The familiar rumble of the rooms happening around her as once again the disc transformed. Unlike the others though, instead of things rising from below a large box lowered from above. The metal construct gently lowering until it was just above her, a side panel opening and a similar drinking device to what Angelica had just used came out. Thankfully for Miia this one seemed to be only about 25% of the size, it was still a lot of water but nothing compared to what Annabeth’s student had just drunk. A metal plate with two hand holds unfolding next to it.

Putting her hands in the clearly marked places either side of the water jug she waited for the trial to start.

Suddenly two clasps flipped out of the metal plates, going around her slender wrists and attaching to the other side. Tugging at them she couldn’t move them, the strong metal bands securely in place and trapping her arms to the machine. She could already feel her heart beating faster in her chest as she became stuck to the machine and whatever it was about to do, but she reminded herself that this was a test of willpower. What ever happened, she would have to force herself to see it through.

In front of her she watched as bubbles went up the water container and the thin tube hanging from the bottom started filling with water. Placing her mouth around the spout she waited for the water to enter it, her neck uncomfortably twisted slightly as the machine clearly wasn’t made for someone her height.

Swallowing the water, she was happy to see it was moving slowly and meant she wasn’t going to be overwhelmed any time soon. It also meant if she needed a break for a few seconds, she could let her mouth fill before swallowing.

But then, above her a metal hatch opened up, revealing a large metal spear connected to a gear mechanism. Moving her eyes to the water she noticed a number of floating pegs near the edges of the container and as she watched, the first fell into place. Above her the gear rotated one position and the large spear lurched at her. Flinching slightly, she moved her head backwards, stopping swallowing as her body tensed up. But with her mouth still filling she was forced to resume drinking.

A minute later the next peg fell into place and once again the gear turned and the spear fell further towards her. Closing her eyes for a moment she controlled her breathing, surely they wouldn’t actually make a test that could kill her right?

But as the third peg went in, she was starting to worry it might. After all, they were made to test what they perceived as gods and goddesses. But as the fourth peg went in a minute later she felt the metal bands around her arm release, the spear still juddering towards her.

Now free part of her wanted to run away, but why had they released her? Was it because it could in fact hit her, but then that would surely be a test of reflexes to doge it when the test was finished? If this was truly a test of willpower then she would have to trust in Annabeth that this wouldn’t kill her, not something she thought she would be doing today.

Leaving her head under the spear she continued to let the water empty into her mouth, the fifth peg slotting in and leaving it hanging perilously just a foot above her head. Even as she tried to make herself remain calm she couldn’t, her heart racing and sweat building up on her body as adrenaline surged through it. She could feel her fight or flight response kick in, but she forced herself to stay where she was.

It wasn’t going to kill her, it wasn’t going to kill her she repeated over and over in her head until finally the sixth and last peg fell into place. Above her the gear turned and the spear fell, looking like it was about to hit her.

Letting out a quiet whimper Miia went wide eyed as her death quickly approached, but just inches from her head it stopped falling and swung into a slot in the machine. A thin and almost invisible chain pulling into the machine and saving her. Letting out a breath of relief Miia let the last few mouthfuls of water enter her mouth as her sweaty palms continued to make contact with the metal pillar.

With the container now empty the room once again began to rumble as the platform rotated. Pulling her hands off the pillar she wiped the layer of sweat from her forehead and breathed deeply. She sure was glad Annabeth knew what she was talking about.

Looking over to the rest of them she watched as they shuffled towards her, their movements much more awkward and desperate than when they entered. Angelica was clearly still suffering the worst, her giant boulder of a stomach still causing her some serious issues as she slowly waddled towards them. Her face as white as a sheet and an almost constant pained expression showing across it as she furrowed her brow.

In the last hour Annabeth’s own desperation had quickly built up, the water she had drunk in the first room making its way to her bladder. A definite tightness was present in her abdomen and she was already at the point where she would ordinarily have dropped almost anything to find a restroom. One or twice she had gotten this desperate while teaching and she knew it wouldn’t be long until she was in serious trouble. Thankfully, with her students being adults she had managed to escape to the bathroom in time, but that wasn’t an option in this temple.

Miia could see Courtney was putting on a brave face, but she was starting to struggle too. She had been made to drink a lot of water a reasonable amount of time ago and now, it was clear that despite her best efforts it was troubling her.

Meeting up together again, the group pushed forwards towards the next room. But as they approached the doorway it was clear something was different this time. The room they were heading for didn’t have the same metal structure, instead the floor was completely made of stone and the walls were too. They were made from a flat carved rock with many of the runes and inscriptions they had seen in other temples covering the wall. At its centre stood a farm more elaborate machine that extended into the celling, it looked far more like a fountain that any of the others. In a weird way it was familiar to Annabeth. But the biggest difference was that this room seemed to have been damaged somehow, parts of the rock littered the ground and large chunks were missing from the ceiling, something had clearly happened here.

“What is this, is this the final room?” Miia asked as Courtney helped Angelica perch on the side of a low wall near the machine, quietly groaning and flinching to herself. It had been around 45 minutes since Angelica had started drinking and judging from how she was sitting, her bladder was starting to rapidly fill as the large quantity of water she had drunk left her stomach.

“We should be careful here. Don’t press anything until we know what the test is.” Annabeth said as she began to walk around the large room. Reading the inscriptions around the walls it was clear this place was dedicated to the 12 rune holders, even those that had apparently sought to destroy the Omotet. It was a little weird to know that one of these inscriptions was likely of Laurence, the man who was desperately trying to find this place.

Carefully studying the room was a good distraction for Annabeth who had become increasingly fidgety as she had waited for the last test to be completed. She had been the first to enter a test and was now feeling her bladder being pushed towards its limits. Squeezing herself slightly between the legs her face reddened as she realised she was still in the company of her students and friends. But looking at them, she didn’t need to worry since they were all clearly in the same boat if not worse off than herself.

Only Miia seemed to be getting away with it, but that would likely change soon too. Even without the water she had drunk, they had all been travelling since early this morning and by her calculations hadn’t visited a bathroom in close to 8 hours at this point. Part of her was surprised they were not more desperate, but they had been sweating a lot on the walk over so they probably lost a lot of fluid then. Fluid that had definitely been replaced several times over for many of them, she was just thankful her task over an hour ago hadn’t made her drink too much or she might not have even made it this far.

Crossing her legs tightly Annabeth stood reading an inscription near the machine, she had just about figured out what they had to do. In fact, it was something she had already seen and done.

“Ok guys, so it seems this is an ancient lock. There are 12 descriptions here and 12 runes around the room. I think we have to push or maybe rotate the runes in the right order to unlock the door.”

“So whats the catch?” Miia asked, aware that it couldn’t be as easy as that.

“Well that has to do with this” Annabeth said, gently patting the strange device in the middle. “It seems that these 12 spouts are linked up to the buttons, if we press the wrong one water will come down it and as with any of the other tests im guessing if it hits the floor it will mean we fail.”

“That’s a lot of possible ways to lose it after everything we have done through.” Courtney said quietly.

“I don’t think it’s as bad as it first seems. It means that there are only 12 possible answers and im sure we can narrow it down if we put our heads together. If we can narrow it down to just 4 then we can each take a…”

“P…please don’t make me drink any more” came a whimper from Angelica who was clearly still suffering. Her giant balloon of a bladder still making the poor woman look several months pregnant.

“I…don’t worry, im sure we can get it down to three.” Annabeth replied, walking over and putting a hand gently on the pink haired woman’s shoulder as she vibrated, her hands resting in her lap.

“Plus if we can figure the answers out to the others before we start, then we can rule them out from the later ones right?” Miia said, brining up a good point and raising all their spirits. “Although, can we get a bit of a move on, im starting to need to pee.” She openly admitted and judging by the looks from the others they were all agreeing with that.

Solving some of them was easy, the clues linked to each of the fabled characters and for anyone who knew their stories it was easy to pick out the right answers. But for others, their vague or cryptic clues was leading to some confusion, with a handful of questions still to be decided upon.

But as Annabeth stood there 30 minutes later she was struggling to remain composed and knew time was running out for her. With her legs crossed tightly against each other, she stood opposite the large tablet bouncing up and down in need. The task that had helped distract her was now failing to do so and, to make matters worse she was struggling to read it. Going over the fourth question for the third time in two minutes she had to make a decision.

“Ok its no good, I cant concentrate anymore.” She admitted.

“Me too.” Courtney joined in making her feel a little better.

“So do we just go for it?” Miia said, her hand deep in the pocket of her trousers and clearly holding herself.

“I think we have too.” Annabeth said, summing up how they all felt. The groups bladders all approaching a perilous breaking point. Feeling another powerful pulse from her bladder Annabeth set about starting the trial.

Surveying the room she looked around the carvings and the small piles of rocks they had accumulated near their base. Her and Courtney had assembled them in the shape of dice numbers so they could keep track of which ones they knew and didn’t know. Of the 12 they were confident at 6, less so on 4 others and 2 would have to be complete guesses. Although, the more questions they answered the less choices there would be. So if the unknown runes were some of the last to be pressed it could be possible to get it all correct first time.

“So Tefnet is 1?” Courtney asked, rubbing her thighs together and pointing towards the rune on the wall.

“Yes, im almost certain…But to be sure will you sit at that one and Miia if you come here.” Annabeth said, moving them both into position under spouts of those that it might be if she was wrong.

“Ready?” She asked, looking over briefly as Angelica as she let out another soft whimper from where she was sat.

Getting a nod from both of the other women who placed their mouths under the spouts, Annabeth pushed the first rune, a faint radiating heat filling her body as the rune reacted to something. A loud click sounded from beside the portrait and rune rotated 180 degrees before falling into a small slot in the wall.

“Well, that’s one.” She said, glad to have gotten it correct. Both Courtney and Miia looked a tad more relieved and removing their mouths from the machine. Courtney stood up a little shakily while Miia remained where she was, her eyes closing and a look of concentration covering her face as she bit her bottom lip.

“So number 2 is a 50/50 choice, but we also don’t know about the destroyed rune over there.” Annabeth said before pointing out where she wanted Courtney and Miia to sit again. Courtney was sat at one of the firm choices while Miia covered their bases on the destroyed rune spout. Luckily the other confident choice was one next to where Annabeth would be stood to press in the rune, so it would mean she could run too it as soon as the rune moved.

Pressing the rune she felt it move slightly before she dashed off to the machine, sliding slightly on the dusty floor before planting her mouth around the spout that was below the corresponding rune for one of the other choices.

Unable to see the rune behind her she waited patiently as it ground around in the holding mechanism, but unlike last time there wasn’t a click. Instead, she felt the metallic tube in her mouth begin to rumble and vibrate as something moved above the chamber they were in.

Waiting for the water to begin pouring her way she was surprised to hear a slight squeal from her left, it appeared that the correct answer was in fact Courtney’s rune after all. A rush of clear liquid now draining through the machine and into her assistant.

For the next 30 seconds water funnelled into Courtney’s mouth as she breathed heavily through her nose and swallowed the onrushing water loudly. Her eyes bulging slightly as she fought back the impulse to take her mouth away despite not knowing how much was coming her way. After 20 seconds she had begun to worry that there was an entire ocean up there which she was supposed to be taking in, but 10 seconds later the rushing water had stopped.

“Oh god” Courtney burped, grimacing as her hands gently caressed her full bladder and filling stomach. “That was a lot more than I was anticipating.” She tried to smile, but even Courtney couldn’t hide the discomfort she was in.

To make matters worse the rune in the wall was still spinning, its slow movements meaning it was going to be some time until it was press-able again. Plus it seemed to have reset the first rune, the sequential lock taking them back to square one with any and all wrong answers.

Feeling her own bladder spasm inside her again, Annabeth could only image what the others were going through. She had drunk the least but the longest time ago, Courtney had drunk not too long after her and she had drunk more than her. Her big bladder was probably the only thing that had allowed her to make it this far, but even it seemed to be struggling. Angelica had drunk by far the most given the size of her stomach afterwards and over the last hour she was sure much of it had made its way to her bladder. While Miia had drunk most recently and also seemed to be doing the best out of them. But she didn’t know this language and without Annabeth herself, she was sure they would be stuck here forever, or until one of them lost control over their bladders.

Hearing a click behind herself she looked around, the rune and mechanism had finally reset.

“You guys ready?” She asked again, getting a pair of unenthusiastic nods from them both

Pressing the first rune it once again clicked and fell into place. Now knowing the answer to the second lock she pressed that one and unlike last time it followed the pattern of the first rune and fell into a hidden recess.

“Ok three has to be this one.” Annabeth said confidently as she pressed the next lock, the others looking on nervously as she had failed to tell them where to go.

But thankfully the third rune began rotating and fell into place.

“Which means 4 is this one.” Annabeth continued, happy to see the fourth rune similarly lock into place. They were a third of the way there, although things were about to become a little harder.

“Im not sure on this one, I think it should be this one so Courtney if you take the spout for this rune.” She directed her friend to the one it was least likely to be, attempting to give her a break if she could. “Then I will take this one and Miia you take the one next to me.”

Pushing the fifth rune Annabeth leapt back towards the machine, flinching as her heavy footfall jostled her overfull bladder. Her knee threatening to give way under her but pushing herself forwards she managed to get herself under the spout quickly, shockwaves still going through her bladder.

But once again the rune in the wall clicked into place, they had the first 5 down, just 7 to go. But, despite the confidence another whimper from Angelica caused her to look over as the young woman shuddered from her sitting position next to the machine. They didn’t have any time to lose.

The only problem was that now they getting to the few she didn’t know the answers too. The vague history of the characters portrayed on the wall hidden from time, only a few strands of it had survived. It meant choosing between them using the information on the tablet was nearly impossible. The only good news was that with 5 chosen and the last one having to be the sole remaining one, they were half way through.

“Ok, Courtney move one to your right and Miia take the one two on your left.” Annabeth said, once again reshuffling the three of them as Angelica groaned softly in the background. Taking a moment to check if she missed anything Annabeth gave herself a gentle squeeze between her legs before choosing a rune and pressing it, twisting slightly slower this time and stooping under the fossette like output for the water.

To her dismay she felt it rumble again, they had gotten it wrong! But which one would it be? With the three of them they had covered half of the spouts considering the 5 right answers so far and the wrong one she had just pressed.

After a few moments she was relieved but also horrified to feel her own mouth being flooded with water as it rapidly shot down the pipe. The cold liquid hitting her in the back of the throat and almost causing her to cough, but she somehow fought her innate reflexes and forced herself to keep drinking. The onslaught of water flowing down her throat at speed and causing her stomach to become heavy, her skin stretching slightly as her stomach went from being relatively empty to filling rapidly.

Gulping down the water she realised why it must have had such an impact on Courtney, the sensation sending cramps through her own bladder and forcing her to press both hands unladylike into her crotch. Her muscles were now constantly sending signals that they wanted to relax and let the hours of pee out once and for all. The surprisingly cold water also causing her more problems as it only seemed to exacerbate the problem, her bladder cramping painfully.

30 seconds felt like a lifetime to her as she was pumped full, but eventually the water stopped. Detaching her mouth, she finally allowed herself to cough, one hand covering her mouth the other trying to sure up her defences as her body jolted with each cough. With a final splutter she caught her breath, noting the worried look from Courtney. Although, she wasn’t entirely sure if it was a look about her safety or about the situation they were now in with another wrong answer. They had all hoped it would be a quick puzzle they could resolve swiftly, but it wasn’t turning out that way.

Especially as they waited and watched the runes turn one after another, the mechanism taking around a minute for each rune to return to its previous position. Something that would only take more and more time the further into the puzzle they got.

“Guys, I…I don’t know how much longer I can hold this. My Bladder feels like a rock and there is so much water in me.” Angelica said quietly, now leant over slightly.

“Yeah im not going to lie, Im really starting to need to pee and I didn’t drink anywhere as much as her.” Miia summed up, her left leg currently bent and pressing tightly into the other with her hand now outside her pocket and openly holding herself.

“I know its getting tough, but its just a little longer.” Courtney tried to be optimistic, but the fact she had remained sitting with her left leg under her crotch was giving the game away.

“Im sorry about all this.” Annabeth said earnestly. “But we have just 5 more questions.”

“I know, Ill try and hold. Its just getting really painful now.” Angelica replied, her legs quivering and both hands buried deep in her crotch as she sat up slightly. The bulge in her stomach looked a little smaller, or maybe just lower down now. The quantity of water making its way through to her bladder and at least stopping the sense of fullness and nausea she had been feeling for more than the last hour.

A few minutes later a loud click told them the mechanism had reset and was free to test again so Annabeth wasted no time pressing the first 6 runes and getting them back to where they were over 10 minutes earlier.

“So, are you sure about this one?” Miia asked as she watched Annabeth pause nervously.

“I…im not no.” Annabeth admitted, the others glancing nervously at her.

“Where should I stand?” Miia continued, herself seemingly unphased by the admission.

“That one and Courtney on that one.”

Repeating the process for the seventh time she hurried back to the machine as the rune started to rotate, the extra weight in her stomach taking a moment to get use too. Crossing her fingers, she hoped that they had gotten it right, although this one was a shot in the dark. So, she wasn’t too surprised when the machine rumbled to life once again and she prepared herself to drink more. Crossing her legs tightly she could already feel a lump in her throat as her body sent another sign to stop drinking. The pangs from her bladder getting worse as her stomach had been filled with yet more liquid to fill her already full bladder.

Unfortunately, it wasn’t her that got the extra dose, it was once again Courtney who let out a muffled moan as her mouth was filled again. One hand between her shuffling legs and another on her expanding stomach.

Annabeth could really see that she was struggling now, tears collecting in the corners of Courtney’s eyes as she moaned with each mouthful she drank. Her breaths deep and uneven as she choked back the discomfort and let the machine continue to fill her.

Other than her gulps and moans the room fell quiet as everyone watched, squirming in sympathy as all of them battled their bodies for control. Any lapse in concentration or control would surely spell the end for them and their chance to do this.

Gasping for air the 30 second mark was finally up and Courtney quickly removed her mouth, falling to her knees before sliding down onto the ground. Her hands cupping her crotch and digging in deeply as she sat there. The occasional shiver could be seen going up her spine as she waged a war against the impulses she must have been feeling as her body told her to just let go of it all.

“Surely there must be another way?” Miia asked breaking the silence, the runes in the wall starting the long process of resetting.

“I…I cant think about anything but peeing.” Courtney said, her voice wavering slightly.

“I don’t know, if you have any ideas?” Annabeth said, looking pleadingly at the young Moroccan.

“I…No…” She said, looking down defeated and kicking a small pebble in frustration before wincing and grabbing herself between her legs.

“I think our best option is speed?” Annabeth suggested. “if we don’t know the answers its probably best to do them as fast as possible. If they hadn’t done such a good job of eradicating all mention of themselves I could have helped more. But, I guess that was the point. Only those in the know should be getting the information we now need.”

“Speed sounds good” Courtney summed up Annabeth’s helpless ramblings.

Even as the runes continued resetting Annabeth moved the others into position, waiting at the first rune and being ready to push it the moment it reset. In part to help the others but also to help herself. Each time they reset from now on it would be almost a full 10 minutes before they could start again. That meant if they got them all wrong, they could be stuck here for a further 45 minutes and going off the state of the others and her own cramping bladder she doubted that was going to happen.

But to her and everyone else’s glee the eighth rune went in and with a resounding click the group let out a collective sigh. That was 8 minutes saved and more importantly another dose of water dodged. The only problem was that next question was one of the ones they really had no idea about.

There were only four spouts left, that meant they could between them cover all their bases, given the rune they would press if it was right would not give them anything to drink. In fact, it was almost a 50/50 for this question based on the cult of Memphis bull there were only two icons of people here that had anything to do with it.

Considering Courtney had taken in the most so far and the sweat that was gathering on her assistants face she decided to give her the least likely spout to monitor. While Miia had drunk the least and had also seemed to be doing a little better than her, Annabeth just couldn’t bring herself to give someone else the most likely incorrect answer. She would just have to grin and bear the uncomfortable next few minutes, they were almost there she told herself again.

Almost as soon as the 8th rune fell into place Annabeth scampered over to the next rune, the others all in position. Pressing the rune she quickly turned, a painful twist that radiated out around her body once more as she ran towards the machine in the middle. But after two steps she lost her footing, one of the many stones they had scattered tripping her up and sending her crashing down to the floor.

Looking up through the cloud of dust the others had gone wide eyed as the machine started to rumble, they had gotten it wrong!

Trying to lift herself up she let out a sharp pained noise as she tried to put weight on a now twisted ankle, she couldn’t make it in time! She had shot herself in the foot almost literally by giving herself the job of running back and the most likely incorrect answer.

But getting her weight onto her good leg she looked up, hearing a loud groan as Angelica heaved her bloated body under the machine’s spout that had been next to where she was sitting. Almost instantly water began to pour down the pipe and into the moaning young woman.

Clenching herself tightly and ignoring the constant forks of pain shooting through her distended abdomen, a look of determination came across Angelica’s face as she gulped down mouthful after mouthful of water. The others looking on in almost disbelief as she continued to drain the liquid flowing towards her.

Unable to stand Annabeth lowered herself gently onto the ground and began flexing her ankle, biting her tongue as she felt the damaged joint throb almost in tandem with her own bladder that was getting dangerously close to bursting point.

The rest of them waited with baited breath as Angelica drank, her body containing well beyond what any of them thought was possible. But as soon as the water finished pouring into her mouth 30 seconds later Angelica lent back against the floor, her legs tying themselves in knots as she grabbed at her stomach. A loud low moan escaping her as her whole body seemed to be writhing on the ground. Her enormous stomach now bulging much lower and likely combining with her bladder to give her a heavily pregnant look. Grunting in effort she grappled with her legs as she fought back the pain and desperate feeling of a bladder that was being compressed by the mass of liquid still thundering through her body from her stomach.

“Oooh god!” She moaned again, grimacing as one hand pressed up against her crotch. “I’m going to burst, its just too much!” The young woman whimpered, her entire torso getting redder and redder as she fought to contain the litres of liquid inside her body.

Annabeth felt helpless without her powers, but there was nothing she could do to help.

“Come on turn faster!” Miia shouted from across the room as she stared intently at the first rune, her legs raising and falling as she desperately marched in place.

“Eight minutes, eight minutes, eight minutes.” Annabeth repeated over and over as she paced the room nervously biting her finger nails. The pressure inside her mounting alongside the anxiety caused by the state of Angelica and Courtney who had fallen quiet, extremely unlike her.

“Ooh” Annabeth stopped where she was, her legs slamming together as she felt her muscles quiver for a second. A strange warmth spreading in her crotch for a moment, but looking down she was relieved to see everything was dry. The sensation a strange phantom leak as her muscles now began to relentlessly scream at her to let her pee out.

Feeling another painful cramp she let out a quiet groan before beginning to pace around again, it always seemed to help, not that she remembered the last time she needed to go this badly.

“Two minutes, two minutes, two minutes” Annabeth was now saying as she lapped the machine, wincing slightly as bladder throbbed. Leaning on her left ankle she was using it like some sort of masochist, the pain from the sprained ankle somehow distracting herself from her need.

They were so close to both success and utter failure, the tenseness in the room was almost unbearable.

Hearing a loud quick grunt from beside her she looked down at the sweating mess that Courtney had become in the last 10 minutes. Doubling over her assistant had somehow stifled what Annabeth was sure would have been a much longer groan of desperation. She was now sitting with her legs folded under her, rocking on the spot in otherwise silence. She just had to hold on a little….

“I…I just leaked” Courtney announced through gritted teeth, her face burning red and the muscles in her neck bulging as she tightened anything she could control in order to keep her bulging bladder contained.

“Just a little longer!” Annabeth tried to rally her spirit.

“I Know, I know……But I cant hold this much longer.”

“Me neither.” Miia replied, standing awkwardly with her legs double knotted.

A loud whimper from Angelica was a sign that it was all of them that had reached this point, even Annabeth. Her almost leak a sure sign that she had reached the edges of control. The pulses and forks of pain only escalating with each passing moment.

But hearing a click from behind her Annabeth knew that this would be the last chance she got, one more time or it would be over. She wasn’t sure if she could make it 10 more minutes if she had to wait for the machine to rest again, but she was sure that none of the others looked like they could.

A pitiful wallowing noise began to escape Angelica, reaffirming that thought as she watched the young woman cradling her giant bladder. The skin under her shirt pulled tighter than she ever thought possible, bulging out of her monstrously and escaping under the once loose fitting top she had on.

Hobbling over Annabeth pressed the first rune. “Come on guys, one more go.”

“What if its not the last test?” Courtney asked, a louder groan escaping Angelica at the mere suggestion there could be more challenges after this one.

Moving over Annabeth pressed the second one as soon as she could, each half rotation of the other runes seeming to take an age for them.

“If its not…I don’t think im making it any further.” Miia admitted, sheepishly moving her hand to the side and revealing a tiny wet patch on her khaki shorts.

“Come on guys, just a few mu, more minutes.” Annabeth said, doubling over in pain as she pressed in the third rune. Her ears filled with another groan from Angelica as the woman fell into a foetal position, now laying on the ground in a protective stance, but all the pain was coming from within not the outside.

“That’s four” Annabeth announced, hoping that the progress she was making would give the others a little more power to hold.

“Which one should I go too.” Courtney asked, her head in a daze as she sat rigidly on both of her heels and despite what she was saying Courtney knew any movement would probably spell the end of her control. Her cheeks rosy from the exertion and shirt damp with sweat.

“Five!”

“Don’t bother, I think this is our last shot.” Annabeth said, huffing and puffing as she continued to the 6th rune.

Walking wasn’t helping anymore, so gripping herself as tightly as possible Annabeth waited for the 5th rune to stop and slapped the 6th one.

“Half way there.”

7….8…9….

Each press was accompanied by a number of groans, grunts and whimpers from the group of four women who had truly passed any limits they thought they had.

“Here goes nothing” Annabeth said, pushing the first unknown rune. At least this was one she was almost sure on and she was delighted to see the 10th rune rotate, her breath catching in her throat until she saw it fall into position. She was right!”

“Im so sorry” A quiet voice whimpered from the floor.

Looking over Annabeth could see the bottom of Angelicas tan trousers darken for a moment as she began to lose control. The burst of wetness spreading down her rear and the inside of her bottom thigh as she led on her side facing away from them and hiding her face from them. But somehow as she grunted again, she seemed to have cut off the flow, her hands digging deeply into her womanhood for all the extra support they could give her.

“I…I….” Annabeth said as she looked between the two last runes. It could have been either of them, it was a 50/50 shot.

“Just pick one!” Miia shouted, her outburst sounding more desperate than annoyed.

Outstretching her right-hand Annabeth pushed the rune which began to rotate.

Time seemed to stand still as she watched it; her ears filled with her own heart beat as she tried to listen to see if the machine was about to spurt water on them.

“Hiiuuuu” Angelica cried a strange noise, Annabeth looking over to see another burst of wetness escaping between the young woman’s hands as they grabbed desperately at herself.

*Click*

“We’ve done it!” Angelica cried as she slammed her hand into the final rune.

“I can’t!” came a pained wail as a loud sodden hissing filled the room as Angelica’s bladder burst at the seams, wetness erupting from her saturating her trousers. Annabeth watched as the wetness started rushing over Angelicas legs and starting to pool on the sand covered floor as she groaned in relief, her hands causing the clear liquid to spray out in multiple directions at once. The heavily pressurised stream splashing against them like a finger in a hose as she led on her side. Her right leg was completely drenched within moments, her tan trousers turning a dark caramel colour as the liquid was absorbed into the material. The wet patch was quickly growing all the way up the seat of her pants despite her position, some soaking into her top as it pooled on the floor. Letting her hands sag away a ripple of liquid was even possible to see as it forced itself at some pace through the fabric, a small fountain continuing unabated.

“I…oh….well that’s that.” Miia said, her head drooping and body sagging as her shorts quickly joined Angelicas as she lost or possibly gave up the last shreds of her control. Streams flowing down both her legs and splattering onto the stone beneath them noisily. The patter of her accident and hiss from Angelica’s echoing around the room and tormenting the two remaining women. The sound of a dozen accidents reaching their ears as they struggled for composure and control.

*Click*

Turning Annabeth through her scrunched eyes saw the last rune fall into place. Had they done it, did it count, or was all of their suffering for nothing.

In the middle of the room the entire machine rotated, dust and debris falling from the machine as it shook violently.

“What’s happening?” Miia asked as she moved over to help Angelica away from the machine, both of the accidents still ongoing and leaving wet trails across the floor.

“I don’t know, I…OOoh” Annabeth started, her thought interrupted by a powerful pulse from her bladder that caused her to fall to one knee.

“Oh shit” She whispered quietly as she felt her bladder give up. A jet of wetness leaving her and running down her left leg that she was knelt on. A smaller stream falling directly below her as she joined both of the others in losing control. She had known it was coming, the painful pulses a sure sign, but it still felt like a strange surprise for some reason. She had been trying to deny it, to occupy her mind with the puzzles and she guessed it must have worked for it to creep up on her this badly. Although a strange warm sensation from the rune on her arm made her wonder for a moment if something else had just happened?

Suddenly as three of them continued to pee a gust of chilled air burst through the floor as the device at its centre was lifted upwards. An opening appearing in the roof which it was slowly pushed into. For the first time Annabeth looked around the room with a clear mind, her body relaxing as the litres and hours of piss continued to flow freely down her one leg, overflowing her boot and causing a large puddle to start forming around where she was knelt. It was only now that she realised the room didn’t have two doors, it should have been obvious to them, but their pee addled minds must have some how overlooked it. This was the final test, it had to be.

As the machine slowly rose into the air, it revealed a small spiral staircase going downwards, the exit revealing itself. So had they been successful?

“Did we do it?” A strained voice asked as Annabeth looked across to see Courtney still somehow dry.

“I don’t know, but one way or the other…its over.” Annabeth said, her head tilting back as she sighed with relief, her bladder finally empty and despite the wet trousers she felt a lot more comfortable.

“Oh thank god.” Courtney said, standing up quickly as a small snake of pee moved down her exposed thigh before she crouched again and yanked her shorts down.

Looking away in shock and to give Courtney privacy all Annabeth heard was the moan of pleasure and a heavy stream splattering against the rock.

At least one of us made it, she thought to herself as the edge of Courtney’s heavily pressurised stream flowed past the edges of her vision. The thin puddle pushed away from her at speed since it was free of any clothing or barriers. Joining up with the rest of their accidents a giant dark grey and orange puddle had formed covering most of the large room, beginning to drip through the hole in the floor that had appeared.

After another minute Courtney finally stopped peeing and Angelica who had been the first to lose it finished a few seconds later. The pink haired woman standing unsteadily, a strange smile plastered across her face despite a small bulge still being visible in her stomach. Her trousers were completely covered in her own urine, not a spot had been spared, but she didn’t seem to have a care in the world.

Miia was clearly uncomfortable with her new wet clothes, trying to wring them dry and pulling them away from herself. But now was the moment, had they succeeded or was all this for nothing?

After collecting themselves and swapping glances at each other’s wet clothes the group descended in almost silence, a faint dripping noise the only sound as their pee followed them down.

Descending into the darkness they could see the faint glow of something near the bottom, the same now eerie looking blue light coming from more of those crystals. But as they finally made it to the bottom, they were met with something they didn’t expect. Leaving the stairwell they found themselves in a lush green meadow, long removed from the arid desert above them. Beside them a small stream flowed past with fish jumping out of the water.

“What the hell?” Miia asked, looking around them.

“Honestly, I was thinking the same.” Annabeth replied, causing a couple of smirks from the others as the tribulations of the last couple of hours were quickly forgotten.

“I guess we go over there?” Courtney said, pointing to a small wooden house that appeared to have been built there some time ago out of an old boat.

Walking through the open and slightly run-down looking doorway they entered the large hut. Its walls covered in tapestries and containing artefacts from across the world. A large painting caught Annabeth’s attention, it showed a pirate figure standing next to a large ship. But the thing that had gotten her attention was the rune on the mans arm and the tablet sticking out from a satchel. An inscription read “To Marquis of Tong'an, may the waters be clear and your journey safe. The Omotet is in your debt.”

“Is this your pirate fellow?” Courtney asked, leaning in to read it alongside her.

“It would seem that way, but it doesn’t explain what we have to do now we are here.”

“I think I’ve got that” Miia said, pointing to a scroll on the table. The paper wrapped up by a strange band with some kind of wooden symbol on it.

“What is it?” Annabeth asked “They look like what the people with you were wearing.”

“It’s a piece of the Mantuub tree. I don’t know its exact history but they grow in the waters of the Nile and seems to counteract the powers of the runes.” Miia replied. “Its almost like a sacred artifact for the Omotet.”

“How does it work?”

“I have no idea, I mean do you know how the rune works?” Miia countered.

“Fair point” Annabeth admitted before picking up the scroll and unrolling it. The parchment unfurling to show a nicely painted image of a tree with the pirate and another figure stood next to it. Their hands touching the tree which had been pained with a number of runes covering it.

“I mean it’s a nice picture, but how does it help us?” Courtney asked, looking over their shoulders.

“Uh guys…” Angelica interrupted, pointing out of one of the windows and at a tree that seemed to be the exact one on the painting.

Looking at each other Annabeth and Courtney shrugged, what did they have to lose.

Walking out the back of the house they approached the tree, its dark wood knotted and thick. But the closer they got the more Annabeth’s arm seemed to feel heavy, the rune starting to burn but her bladder not filling. Did she have the powers back now, or was it something to do with the tree. Stopping by its trunk she looked around for any other clues. “Now what?”

“I guess try touching it?” Miia said.

Outstretching her arm Annabeth touched the wooden bark, a sudden intense burst of searing heat filling her arm and bladder. She didn’t know what was happening, but she couldn’t let go of the tree now she had touched it. Taking a deep breath, she remembered how Laurence had transferred a rune in front of her and closing her eyes she relaxed and willed the tree to take it.

In front of the others the dune flashed a bright yellow colour before the rune seemed to liquify, forming strange water like tendrils that moved down Annabeth’s arm and extended onto the tree. The rune quickly transferring on its bark and leaving a dark trail before flashing again.

Stumbling back Annabeth could now make out an ingrained symbol on the bark and checking her arm she was happy to see the rune had gone. They had done it!

“Now what?” Miia asked as the reality of what they had just done began to sink in.

“Now, we go home.” Annabeth said, the group smiling and beginning the track back towards the entrance.

###

Hey guys, I really hope you enjoyed that story.

It was a little bit of a different type than I usually write and I wasn’t entirely sure where it was going when I started it. Hopefully that didn’t come across too much with the chapters.

I’d love to know what you all thought, it could be something I try again in the future.

But I've already been planning my next one which I will be doing as a properly interactive story, Ill be posting the first very short chapter this weekend or maybe Monday. So if you liked this story or the others ive written keep an eye out, the working title is “The desperate promotion”. But that is all I will say for now.

If you guys have any questions about this story feel free to ask, it was good fun to write although I don’t have any plans to revisit it in the future.

*064*2021-05-06 22:31

{{On 5/1/2021 at 2:09 AM, LifeIsStrange said:

Fantastic ending!

}}

{{On 5/1/2021 at 6:46 AM, Melificentfan said:

What a fantasmic story that was I really enjoyed reading the whole story

}}

{{On 5/3/2021 at 4:41 AM, Rinatro said:

This has been an amazing story. I'm happy you were able to make it through to completion. It was a good satisfying ending

}}

{{On 5/3/2021 at 3:53 PM, WaityKaty said:

Fantastic writing! I enjoyed all the lore and the pacing. Thanks for all the time and effort this must have taken!

}}

Thank you all for the really kind words and continued support, im glad you all enjoyed it!

It was good fun to write and it was interesting to see the reaction to lore Omo stories. I've not dabbled in them before but it seemed like people enjoyed them.

{{On 5/1/2021 at 5:40 AM, Manticore said:

Great throughout, and a good ending too, great performances from all four! They got really lucky towards the end of the trials there.

I'm wondering what happens now with Laurence and their group being denied the last rune they needed. Will the evil superhuman carry on or give up on their plan to become an all powerful god?

I would love a spin-off or a side story about Joy, the woman from the airplane and the airport with amazing control. She got in a cab at 99% and I can only imagine what she had to do to avoid losing it all the way to her destination.

Thanks for writing and looking forward to more as always!

}}

Thank you as well and yeah they made it by the skin of their teeth.

There is definitely some room for continuations, but for now Laurence has been stopped at some capacity although he is still a very powerful individual. Given he seems to be able to live forever, who knows if another unlucky explorer might come across the rune, or maybe he will infiltrate the Omotet and get his hands on it that way.

Yeah there were a few places where a spin off might be interesting, the main one being Joy's story. But there were a number of characters and events it could be interesting to tell from their point of view. For example one of the little hints at an accident was actually the receptionist that Annabeth filled when they arrived at the conference. It was actually her accident that the cleaner was mopping up and not Annabeth's, with the woman being in the locked stall. Part of me did it as a red herring to make people think it might have been Philippa for a moment, but it was also enjoyable to think of her stuck there at the desk for some time after everyone else had left. I might explore some of them in the future.

