The Wet Rune - Page 3

Author: Markj9494

*054*2021-04-22 00:24

Chapter 14: Atlantis of the Sands

The last few hours had been a bit of a blur for Annabeth, the quick car ride taking them to an airstrip she didn’t even know existed near the outskirts of Cambridge. The darkened hangers and square buildings reminding her more of an industrial estate than a functioning airfield. From there they had taken a large helicopter to Scotland before boarding another plane heading for Oman in the middle east.

It turned out that they had a base out there, the Omotet hiding from Laurence beyond Egypt’s borders in a hidden town. Although, they were not willing to tell her much more and the few guards she spoke too were understandably reluctant to give away the location of the place that had kept them safe for generations.

As for Miia it transpired that she had been herself captured by some of Laurence’s goons, the soldiers for hire grabbing her from her house in the middle of the night after learning about Annabeth from other locals. Apparently, the group didn’t much go in for stealth and subterfuge these days. But given their power and money it was probably something they thought wasn't worth the effort. They had tracked her down with the help of some local informants and just like Annabeth were going to kill her until the Omotet saved her. They had picked up on the talk about them capturing someone linked to the runes disappearance and just like their enemy had wanted to know more. After explaining the situation to her, Miia had quickly volunteered to come and save Annabeth and had found herself being flown half way around the world.

When she pressed her about it Miia had joked about always wanting to see the world, but Annabeth could tell there was something else. She wasn’t sure what she had done to inspire such trust and Loyalty in a stranger but she was glad she had.

Now travelling along an old dirt road in the back of a jeep the first rays of morning sunshine were appearing over the desert dunes that surrounded them.

“We are almost there!” The man at the front yelled over the rush rush off wind passing through the side less vehicle.

“Where?” Courtney yelled back, much of the Omotets plan still hidden from them.

“You’ll see" He smiled back.

“That's helpful” Courtney shouted, giving him a sarcastic thumbs up and causing Angelica to laugh.

Looking at the pink haired woman she was struck by the same feelings of gratefulness she held for Miia. Angelica had gone through a lot but even when she offered to pay for her to go home she refused, wanting to see this thing through to the end. So, with nothing else to do she had joined Annabeth, Courtney and Miia on their journey. The other student Lisa had woken up at home with a headache and no memories, not the worst outcome but it did make Annabeth wonder why they had taken one of her students and not the other. Maybe during their study session together Jessie had realised that Angelica knew a lot more than the average student, although that was a little unfair on Lisa.

A couple of minutes later they turned off the trail and into a small town, its sandstone buildings half buried but covered in colourful materials. Pulling up the group travelling with the jumped out, immediately grabbing a sand coloured net and beginning to place it above the car. A stark reminder that they were being hunted.

“I was beginning to worry…” A voice shouted over to them, a silver haired woman standing in the doorway of one of the huts. Waving them over Annabeth gave the others a quick look before they accepted her invitation.

Walking into it they were surprised to see a modern interior, they even had air conditioning that seemed to be powered by a small wind turbine. Walking into the main room they took a chair and waited to learn why they were here, or hopefully learn how they were going to get out of it.

“Do any of you want a drink?” The silver haired woman asked, before waving over a man holding a tray with a large pot of tea and several small cups.

“Im Elizabeth Clarke and im sure you are all wondering what you are doing here.” She said, smiling warmly at the group of them. But there was something off, she couldn’t be who she was claiming to be because…

“But…you’re dead?” Courtney said, beating Annabeth’s brain to the conclusion it was drawing, memories of a news article about a plane crash coming back to her.

“Yes well, not quite yet” she laughed “an unfortunate lie that had to be told to protect those that I love. As I am sure you are aware yourselves, there are some unsavoury characters that would like to get their hands on that” she said pointing to Annabeth’s arm.

“Yes, look I am sorry to to be so forward, but I was wondering who I should be giving the rune too...you?”

“What?” Elizabeth asked, clearly confused by the suggestion.

“The rune, it can be given to someone willingly and after the week I have had I'm very willing, given you guys seem to be the god guys in this scenario.”

“Oh…im sorry that wont be possible.”

“Why not!?” Annabeth exclaimed, feeling the end to this had been within her grasp. Although if it had been that easy, why would they have flown her half way around the world.

“Members of the Omotet are the guardians of the runes, we are forbidden from using their powers. To allow the rune to pass onto ourselves is breaking the first tenant of our oath and while I may be an outsider like you. I do not plan on breaking the tenants that I have agreed too in good faith.

“Wait so im stuck with this thing?” Annabeth asked, feeling a little crest fallen and like she had seen the solution to her troubles pulled away from her at the last moment.

“No, there is a way to remove it from anyone who wants to, although it likely wont be easy. Originally these runes would only ever be given to the best of the best, so to give up the rune they needed a way of testing your fortitude to stop followers taking it lightly and only having it when it suited them. But luckily, we do know where that rune’s origin is and how to get to it. In a way with Laurence or whatever he calling himself these days, by having so many it let us concentrate on just a few and that has made things substantially easier.”

A sense of relief washed over Annabeth, as much as she had started to enjoy the ability to humble people in the most basic of ways. It was still a burden, a power she wasn’t sure she actually wanted. A fact that was especially true if meant there was a mad man after her.

“Wasn’t the temple in Morocco its origin?” Courtney asked.

“No, that was just where we hid it. A lesser-known temple that had barely been finished or mentioned before the Omotet went into hiding. It was why it was such a surprise that you managed to find it. If it hadn’t been so awfully awkward, I would have been impressed.” She finished, smiling once again at Annabeth as she took a sip from her tea.

“Now then, while I can help you I do need some reassurances from you that nothing you learn about will ever leave your lips. No academic papers, no books, not even a word to your friends about this. We rely on absolute secrecy and any slip up by any of you could get us all killed, im sorry to be so frank but that is what is on the line for us." Elizabeth said, a stern look on her face for the first time since they had met.

“We understand” Annabeth said, the others nodding solemnly. “Besides, its probably better for everyone if I don’t have this thing on my arm.”

Annabeth could tell Elizabeth was trying to gage her sincerity, staring intently into her eyes. After a few seconds the woman’s stern look softened and she nodded to the man stood behind them.

“If you go with Noah, he will take you to Aram”

“Aram…Aram!?” Annabeth asked, checking she had heard her correctly.

“Yes that Aram” The woman smiled again, “Where else is it best to hide such a temple but the Atlantis of the sands. Luckily its not even that far from here.”

Tipping the last few drops of water from her empty canteen into her mouth Annabeth hoped they were getting close. They had been walking for over an hour and despite being early morning the heat was unbearable.

“Sorry, how close are we?” Angelica asked, sweat pouring down her face and her own large canteen also having been emptied.

“We are almost there, its just over that dune.” The scarfed man called Noah responded, pointing forwards over a giant mound of sand.

“Oooh, great!” Courtney joked, taking a moment and exhaling deeply, shaking her head before checking her empty canteen for the second time and stepping to join the others trudging through the endless sand.

“Do you want some more water?” Miia offered, her heritage meaning she was much more use to these type of temperatures although even she glistening in the scorching sun.

“Thanks” Courtney said, accepting the canteen and taking a short swig, trying not to use too much of the water offered to her generously.

Thankfully for them all it didn’t take them as long to climb the dune as they thought and going down the other side they could see a small cave ahead of them.

Entering it the group let out a joint moan of pleasure as the shade cooled their baking skin and eased their tired eyes.

“From this point on you must go alone.” Noah said, removing his scarf and uncapping a canteen he had apparently only just felt the need to drink from.

“What why?” Angelica asked nervously.

“We can not enter” Noah added, pointing upwards to a sandstone keystone in an archway buried deep in the walls of the unnatural cave.

“Shrine of the Oasis?” Courtney read aloud, even her tired brain finding it easy to translate the language that was considered dead to most people.

“It is a sacred temple of the Omotet, as its servants we can not enter. We must not let temptation draw us in and lead us to destruction through greed.” He said slightly monotone, almost as if he had read and said the sentence many hundreds of times over.

“I…ok well thank you for getting us here…but what do we do inside?” Annabeth asked.

“Im not sure, none of us have been inside.” He replied.

“I guess that makes sense.” Annabeth sighed, although how did they know this was the right place then?

“So do we just walk in, do we need anything?” Courtney asked, checking herself over and looking for something despite the fact they had left anything and everything they were carrying in a bin somewhere in Scotland. Even their phones and smart watches had to be discarded or risk the others somehow following them, it felt like some sort of bad spy movie. Not that any of their belongings would help them in the temple anyway.

“Shall we?” Annabeth asked, gesturing to the temple as She Courtney Angelica and…”Wait, Aren’t you part of the Omotet?” She asked as Miia took a step towards the opening.

“I mean…not technically. I’ve just been kind of with them but if this thing gets resolved then maybe I can go home. Never thought I’d be saying that” she smiled, but the look on her face told Annabeth that she must have been missing her family a lot more than she was letting on. From the sounds of it they hadn’t exactly had chance to say goodbye, the suddenness of it probably making things worse for her now.

Smiling back at her Annabeth formed in behind the group of 4 as they entered the shrine of the Oasis.

Entering the darkness they passed through a small tunnel network before emerging into a stunning view. A large underground chamber filled with Quartz like rocks that seemed to be emitting some kind of visible almost ultra-violet light. The entire room was bathed in a pastel blue colour that seemed to shift and move almost as if the rocks contained shifting sands themselves.

“I’ve never seen anything like it.” Angelica said, walking over and looking closely at a pair of the giant rocks.

“This place is unbelievable” Miia added in hushed tones, her eyes looking around intently as she took in the wonderful sight. Walking over to one herself she gently touched it with an outstretched finger.

“Oooh” She moaned, a hand shooting to her abdomen.

“What’s wrong?” Courtney asked, the group now looking at Miia.

“I would not touch those, It was like a static shock but kind of…in my bladder.” She said, trying to laugh it off but her cheeks burning red with embarrassment.

“Yeah, I can speak from experience that maybe we shouldn’t be touching things in here.” Annabeth said, nodding towards her arm.

“I think there is something over here?” Angelica called from across the room, directing their attention to a large door partially hidden from view by a stone column.

“To return the favour of the gods you must prove your devotion is the reason.” Courtney started to read the inscription, “The trials of the Oasis will judge you worthy or not, this is your last chance to listen to fate and use your gifts for the betterment of mankind.....humiliation.....something about services to god.... Failure to retain the waters of life will be considered a failure of willpower and will end your journey”

“So, your usual leave or be dammed kind of deal” Miia replied, her blunt explanation catching the three Archaeologists a bit by surprise given they are usually told to take such things seriously.

“Yeah, but we have seen this description before, the water of life. I think it means if we... pee in here we will lose our chance to pass the trial. Is that something you are ok with, if you are uncomfortable then I can go alone?” Annabeth said, addressing the group and meaning every word of it. They had already gone through so much for her, she didn't want to make them do any more.

“Im so sweaty I don’t think ill be peeing for days.” Miia joked, wiping a layer of it from her head and showing that even she was struggling despite appearances.

“No chance you are doing it alone, I mean its why we are here” Courtney said, as she and Angelica began pushing the large rock doors open.

Inside was another chamber, similarly lit by the large blue rocks. However, this time there was a central disk of metal placed in the middle of the floor, a strange contraption built onto it. Stepping onto the metal disk her Annabeth’s footsteps echoed through the room, the metallic clank suggesting that this was covering a hole in the ground. They would need to be careful, but Annabeth could feel her instincts coming back to her.

“Be careful, we don’t know if they built any traps in this place.” She said, her voice calm but the message a serious one. “You guys wait over there and I’ll see what this is.”

Walking slowly along Annabeth studies her footfalls carefully, looking at the ornate carvings that were covering the metal disk. But after a couple of minutes she made it to the middle, now able to see the strange device that despite its age seemed brand new.

“There is a lever mechanism, its labelled as the trial of fortitude. I think it’s the first test, what ever it is.” Annabeth shouted across the room.

“Do you think its safe?” Courtney replied, the others stood together at the edge of the room.

“I….I don’t know. But I think it’s the only way we are going to get through this. There is a door on the other side but we cant reach it, im guessing this thing opens it.”

Pausing for a moment to make sure there were large spikes or rocks positioned above her Annabeth put her hand on the lever and taking a deep breath she began to wind it. Beneath her she could feel the metal rumbling and after a few seconds and a deafening sound of screeching metal they began to move. The giant metal disk turning into segments and spiralling around her, leaving her no way back even if she wanted too.

The others watched as the metal plates began folding into each other, surrounding Annabeth and forming an even more elaborate machine. The underside of the disk apparently attached to a number of structures and mechanisms that were now being placed on the surface near Annabeth.

After what felt like a long time the room fell silent again, a few pieces of rock bouncing off the walls of the cave revealed below.

“You ok?” Miia shouted.

“Yeah thanks, I think this is the trial. There is another tablet here.” Annabeth responded, walking over to the ancient language and beginning to read.

“I…if im reading this correctly…all I need to do is to drink this pot of water?” She announced, sounding clearly confused by the trial. The others looking at each other and shrugging.

Removing the top off the large ceramic bowl that had appeared in front of her, she was amazed to see the seal was still intact and the water even looked fresh. In the opening it seemed to have a small cup attached to a pole similarly to a bucket in a well. The deep vessel thankfully only half full and by her estimates only holding 3 – 4 pints.

But reaching into it she realised the real trial was about to begin. As her skin touched the cup she felt a jolt of electricity pulse though her bladder and causing it to spasm inside her. Releasing the cup the impulses stopped and she sighed, the cup was made of the same rocks that had shocked Miia earlier.

“Well here goes nothing” She whispered to herself as she grabbed the cup and dropped it beneath the water, pulling it up quickly she felt the shocks in her bladder escalate with each second she was holding it.

Pacing in small circles she tipped back the cup, attempting to drink the water as quickly as possible. The strange sensations from her bladder causing it to cramp painfully and make her feel as if she was about to wet herself despite the fact she knew she wasn’t. Finishing the first cup in just a few seconds she all but threw the cup back into the pot, groaning quietly in relief as the strange prickly sensation stopped.

Putting both hands between her legs she bent over, taking a deep breath and trying to relax her body. The cramping and painful twinges from her abdomen slowly subsiding, the only problem was she knew she needed to do it again.

Standing there for a minute she stared intently at the pot before gritting her teeth and grabbing the cup again, the painful stimulation so much worse now. Gulping down the water she continued to move around, her legs moving a lot and strangely helping counteract the sensations in her body. Somehow she finished the glass but even as she put the cup back she could feel the sensations carrying on her body. It seemed the longer she held onto it the worse it was going to be.

Looking down at the container it was half empty to her relief, just two more!

As she finished gulping down the third she could already feeling her stomach bloating, the sudden influx of three pints of water making her stomach feel full. She hadn’t worried too much about the previous warning about not peeing, but after drinking all this she worried about lasting that long. Although with her new powers she could deal with whatever was coming her way.

But even as she tried to pump herself up she couldn’t help but hesitate, pausing as her hand went for the final glass. Even now after a couple of minutes she could feel the tingles and lightning shocks still running through her. What ever this was she hoped it wasn’t going to do any permanent damage.

With a shaking hand Annabeth grabbed the cup, letting out an involuntary groan as she felt her bladder spasm wildly, vibrating inside her. Biting her other hand to stop herself groaning loudly she removed it and put the cup to her lip, some drops spilling onto her lips that she quickly caught in case any spilt liquid counted. Breathing heavily through her nose she drank quickly, a burp coming up her throat but she fought through it anyway. She just wanted this to be over, the strange shocks and quaking now extremely painful like a pulled muscles or a serious case of cramp. A deep pang from her bladder making her eyes go wide as she hastily crossed her legs, her confused muscles threatening to lose control of her pee any second.

Finally the cup ran dry and as she returned it to the container she waited, but nothing happened.

Maybe it wouldn’t be that easy, or…

Grabbing the lid from the container she replaced it and was happy to hear a oud click from some hidden mechanism.

Just as it had almost 10 minutes earlier the metal disk began to fold down, rotated in its new position it formed a bridge across to the new door. The other parts folding down and leaving a path for the others to follow.

Feeling the first need to pee Annabeth looked down and attempted to scan herself. But try as she might, what ever was allowing her to see peoples bladders and their contents, it no longer seemed to be working. Checking her arm the rune was still there, but was something inhibiting her powers? Maybe it was these rocks, what else could they do she wondered. Although given that the people who made this knew what the rune was truly capable, letting anyone use it here would probably be kind of like cheating.

Feeling another rumble under her feet she looked up to where she heard a loud clanging noise. Ahead of her she saw the second door open, getting a faint glimpse of a similar mechanism in the next chamber. What ever was going on here, it didn’t seem like it was over yet.

How many more of these would they need to go through before they got where they wanted to be. Hopefully it wouldn’t be too long, given how full her stomach was feeling and how vulnerable her bladder was feeling, she didn’t want to bet on being able to hold this all for too long.

###

Thanks for reading

Its been a bit of a rollercoaster for the characters, but I hope you are all enjoying this story.

They are close to salvation, but what else will this temple throw at them and will they be able to accomplish their mission?

*058*2021-05-01 00:09

Chapter 15: Trials of the Oasis (Finale)

“How are you feeling?” Courtney asked as the group caught up with Annabeth.

“Im ok” Annabeth smiled, but the hand on her sore bladder was telling a different story.

“Do you need to use us?” Courtney offered.

“I…My powers don’t work down here. So it looks like I’ve got to hold this.” She replied, moving towards the next chamber a little gingerly. The occasional shock or pulse still racing through the nerves of her bladder.

“Do you think its the rocks?” Angelica asked, staring up at the celling which seemed to be covered in lots of little outcroppings of them.

“That was my guess”

“Do you think they would let us take a sample back?” Courtney wondered aloud.

“I wouldn’t bet on it.” Miia replied “They are quite protective over anything involving the runes. But there is no reason not to ask?”

“Well that’s a problem for later, for now we need to concentrate on these trials” Annabeth brought them back to the task at hand, the next room featuring an almost identical set up as before. The only difference was the set up in the middle, the disk now much smaller and with only enough room for one person to stand on safely. If more of them tried to join them, they might risk being injured by the rotating blades of the floor as they moved to form the chamber around them.

“Maybe we should take it in turns?” Courtney said, clearly seeing the same thing and coming to the same conclusion.

“But, this is my fault. I should be the one to do these.” Annabeth replied earnestly.

“We are all in this together, plus we don’t know how many of these there will be. Without your powers to help redistribute the water we should probably all help.”

“It seems like the most likely way of beating them.” Miia agreed with Courtney, Angelica nodding too.

Feeling another faint pulse racing through her bladder Annabeth couldn’t deny their logic, she would probably benefit from having a little break too. Letting out a sigh she knew there was no point in arguing and relented, nodding slowly at her friends.

Stepping onto the disk Courtney followed Annabeth’s example and made her way to the middle of it slowly. Making sure not to step on anything that might have been a pressure plate hidden in the carvings. She eventually made it to the middle where a large stone carving stood before her, on it seemed to be this disks instructions.

“Trial of time…or maybe longevity?” Courtney said aloud as she studied the inscription before turning the crank. Like last time the metal petals rotated and formed a smaller platform for her, cutting Courtney off from the others and their possible help.

Rising from the centre came a large hourglass shaped structure, the bottom half filled with babbling water behind a small window. Clicking into place a small clasp holding the hourglass in place was released and Courtney watched as it began to swing downwards, a stream of water flowing down a thin pipe and filling a small cup near the base she had missed until now.

Picking it up Courtney drank the small cupful of water, still studying the machine to see what the real trial was. But even as she finished the water it remained still, the only sound and movement a small trickle of water that seemed to be somehow going up the metal structure, defying gravity.

Walking around the machine she could see it accumulating near the top, but there were no other instructions written on it. She was stuck, she couldn’t see what to do next. Glancing back towards the others her cheeks began to burn red with embarrassment, she was supposed to be able to do this, to show her understanding of ancient languages. What would Annabeth think of her if she was the one that failed these tasks?

But doing one more lap around it, just as her mind began to panic she saw the central piece begin to wavier slightly before upturning and just like last time the water rushed down the small spout and into the cup she had replaced.

It was a trial of time!

By her reckoning the thing would rotate every 4 minutes and provide her another small cup to drink. Picking it up she began to drink it slowly, now aware she had plenty of time to do so and there was no need to rush. But looking down at the water in the machine it would take some time and many rotations to empty it completely.

“Guys this one might take a while” she yelled back to her friends.

“What’s wrong?” Angelica asked

“Nothing, its just how it is set up. It gives me a bit of water every few minutes. I don’t think there is a way of speeding it up.”

“That ok, take your time and be careful.” Annabeth said, glad that the pulses had finally stopped in her bladder caused by her own trial. Although, now she was becoming aware of the familiar pressure building inside her bladder that would only be getting worse. Despite telling Courtney to take her time, she was also hoping she wouldn’t be.

40 minutes later and on the 12th turn of the machine both her and Courtney were relieved when a loud clunk reverberated through the room. The bottom of the machine had finally run dry, although Courtney could feel the dozen half cups of water passing through her system. Putting a hand on her stomach she stifled a burp caused by the almost constant drinking she had gone through in the last 30 minutes, a slight feeling of nausea coming on by the last couple of cups as she forced herself to drink them.

Steadying herself she waved over the others as the rotating plates fell back into place and the next door opened, revealing another machine in the next chamber.

“Well I guess this one is mine” Angelica smiled at them as they crossed through the ornate doors that been opened by the last machine

“What do you mean, I can do this one. I just needed a break and I can’t ask you to do this, your just a first year.” Annabeth replied.

“No its ok, I can do this one too.” Courtney interjected, but Angelica had already made up her mind.

“Look guys, we don’t know how many more of these there are, so its probably going to be best if we share them out. I will be fine, this isn’t my first dig remember. I might only be a first year but I’ve been doing things like this for almost 8 years now.”

“Things like this?” Miia said raising an eyebrow.

“Well not quite like this…. But I’m not as inexperienced as it might seem.”

Not waiting for any more discussion Angelica started making her way across the metal plates, placing one foot in front of the other along the metal rim of one of the metal disks like a seasoned professional. Although, she couldn’t help but feel a little nervous. Despite being on many excavations she may have oversold her experience, but she didn’t want to let any of them down. She had grown up reading about Annabeth and she was a real hero of hers, an inspiration to the young Angelica who had seen Annabeth as a relatable heroin a world full of men showing off. This was the chance of a life time, she was literally walking through a temple unopened for centuries and seeing things no one had seen in modern history. What she would have given to be in this position before today.

Reaching the middle of the room she began studying the pictograms and language written on the tablet in front of her. It took some time but picking out some words she recognised this definitely seemed to say something about a test of burden and retention of something. She wasn’t quite sure what that meant, but having seen Annabeth begin to show subtle signs of desperation throughout Courtney’s trial she didn’t have any other choice but to go forwards.

Pulling the lever she almost lost her balance as the entire platform juddered, a screeching noise sounding as something was clearly struggling to move under her. The ancient platform not what it once was.

Eventually the petal like discs pulled away from the edges and contraptions rose around her. A metal iris opening to the side and a tall glass container filled with water raised up through the gap. It was connected by a long wire to some sort of weight pully that hung over the edge of the platform. Clicking into place the room fell still again as the machine stopped moving and the trial was revealed.

Looking around the platform it seemed what ever she had to do, involved the large container and the pully system. Peering nervously through a gap in the plates she was glad she wasn’t afraid of heights, but it allowed her to spot what the pully connection was attached too. It seemed to be working as a counter weight, connected too…. the bottom of the water container which also sat on a pressure plate.

Closing her eyes and hanging her head it was clear what the trial was, her slight mistranslations probably actually meant volume or capacity. She was going to have to drink the mass of liquid currently sat in the large container. By removing the weight of water it would likely set off the pressure plate mechanism and allow them to progress.

Opening her eyes she could see a small spout coming out from the triangular bottom of the container. Was this even possible, could she even drink all of this? It had to be several litres if not gallons of water contained within the slender glass container. Part of her wanted to see if she could move it or make some contraption so that the water would pour out over the edge and into the chasm below. But she didn’t know how they were keeping track of what was going on, what other seemingly magical sensors or abilities existed inside this temple. She couldn’t be the one to fail, there was nothing else to do but to drink it.

Sitting under the spout Angelica tilted her head back, her arm reaching up, gently twisting the tap open she felt her mouth fill with cool and refreshing water. The first few mouthfuls were pleasant but even as she enjoyed these, she knew that shortly she would be hating the flavour and coolness of the water.

Guzzling the water down she kept swallowing more and more of the water, her nostrils flaring as she breathed heavily though them. Her chest rising and falling with each mouthful she drank as she stared blankly at the container and continued to drink it. Within a minute her stomach already ached and felt bloated, but there was much more to come. At the same time as wanting to take a break, she was also aware that this was so much water there would be no way she could hold it all. If she took too long then it would start reaching her bladder by the time she finished, and that could spell disaster not only for her but for the others. She wouldn’t be the one to let them down, no matter how uncomfortable she felt, she would just have to keep drinking.

With renewed conviction she continued to chug, her left hand gently rubbing and massaging her stomach as it swelled, expanding as the giant container was emptied into her body. Her lose fitting trousers already applying pressure to her abdomen as it grew, but she wasn’t anywhere near done drinking yet.

Mouthful after mouthful of water rained out of the machine and into her waiting mouth, becoming harder and harder to swallow as her body responded to the litres of water she was forcing it to drink. Her stomach groaning under the weight of it all, her white skin stretched taught over her inflated abdomen as she grew.

Eventually, with red cheeks and hazy vision the onslaught of water finally stopped. The tall cylinder finally empty of water. The sea that had been inside of it now completely contained within Angelica who by this point looked pregnant, or possibly a beached whale. She had been forced to release the knot in her trousers to allow them to open more, but even at their limit they were still uncomfortably pushing on her bloated body.

Feeling the platform rumbling under her she tried to sit up, both hands cradling her full stomach that was forcing her legs around its bulking mass. Outstretching one hand she grabbed hold of one of the metal struts and hauled herself to her feet, the shifting weight inside her causing her to groan loudly as the others approached.

“Holly shit” Miia said, her eyes falling on the pregnant looking woman that had seemingly tripled in size in the last 10 minutes.

“Are you ok!” Annabeth said, equally alarmed at her student’s appearance.

“Yeah im ok” Angelica replied, a lump forming in her sore throat from all the swallowing.

“Well, I think that’s enough trails for you.” Annabeth continued, as Courtney went over to help Angelica move along to the next room. Each movement upsetting the ocean inside her and causing her to puff out her cheeks.

“Yeah, you guys take a break. I will see what this next test has to offer.” Miia replied walking quickly and confidently towards the centre of the machine, the excitement east to detect in her voice despite what she had seen Angelica just go through.

But reaching the middle she suddenly realised a problem; she couldn’t read the inscriptions on the stone tablet.

“Uh guys, I’m going to need some help reading these” She shouted back to the others as she watched Courtney help Angelica sit down on the other side.

“Can you describe them?” Annabeth replied.

“Uhhh sure…. There is a bird with an egg on its head, a man with a dogs face, some weird beetle thing, two cats playing, the sun…”

Despite the difficulties of second-hand translations of symbols she couldn’t see, 20 minutes later they had deciphered the test, or at least most of it.

“It’s a test of willpower” Annabeth summarised.

“Great, Ive got this then.” Miia said grinning to herself and turning the lever. The familiar rumble of the rooms happening around her as once again the disc transformed. Unlike the others though, instead of things rising from below a large box lowered from above. The metal construct gently lowering until it was just above her, a side panel opening and a similar drinking device to what Angelica had just used came out. Thankfully for Miia this one seemed to be only about 25% of the size, it was still a lot of water but nothing compared to what Annabeth’s student had just drunk. A metal plate with two hand holds unfolding next to it.

Putting her hands in the clearly marked places either side of the water jug she waited for the trial to start.

Suddenly two clasps flipped out of the metal plates, going around her slender wrists and attaching to the other side. Tugging at them she couldn’t move them, the strong metal bands securely in place and trapping her arms to the machine. She could already feel her heart beating faster in her chest as she became stuck to the machine and whatever it was about to do, but she reminded herself that this was a test of willpower. What ever happened, she would have to force herself to see it through.

In front of her she watched as bubbles went up the water container and the thin tube hanging from the bottom started filling with water. Placing her mouth around the spout she waited for the water to enter it, her neck uncomfortably twisted slightly as the machine clearly wasn’t made for someone her height.

Swallowing the water, she was happy to see it was moving slowly and meant she wasn’t going to be overwhelmed any time soon. It also meant if she needed a break for a few seconds, she could let her mouth fill before swallowing.

But then, above her a metal hatch opened up, revealing a large metal spear connected to a gear mechanism. Moving her eyes to the water she noticed a number of floating pegs near the edges of the container and as she watched, the first fell into place. Above her the gear rotated one position and the large spear lurched at her. Flinching slightly, she moved her head backwards, stopping swallowing as her body tensed up. But with her mouth still filling she was forced to resume drinking.

A minute later the next peg fell into place and once again the gear turned and the spear fell further towards her. Closing her eyes for a moment she controlled her breathing, surely they wouldn’t actually make a test that could kill her right?

But as the third peg went in, she was starting to worry it might. After all, they were made to test what they perceived as gods and goddesses. But as the fourth peg went in a minute later she felt the metal bands around her arm release, the spear still juddering towards her.

Now free part of her wanted to run away, but why had they released her? Was it because it could in fact hit her, but then that would surely be a test of reflexes to doge it when the test was finished? If this was truly a test of willpower then she would have to trust in Annabeth that this wouldn’t kill her, not something she thought she would be doing today.

Leaving her head under the spear she continued to let the water empty into her mouth, the fifth peg slotting in and leaving it hanging perilously just a foot above her head. Even as she tried to make herself remain calm she couldn’t, her heart racing and sweat building up on her body as adrenaline surged through it. She could feel her fight or flight response kick in, but she forced herself to stay where she was.

It wasn’t going to kill her, it wasn’t going to kill her she repeated over and over in her head until finally the sixth and last peg fell into place. Above her the gear turned and the spear fell, looking like it was about to hit her.

Letting out a quiet whimper Miia went wide eyed as her death quickly approached, but just inches from her head it stopped falling and swung into a slot in the machine. A thin and almost invisible chain pulling into the machine and saving her. Letting out a breath of relief Miia let the last few mouthfuls of water enter her mouth as her sweaty palms continued to make contact with the metal pillar.

With the container now empty the room once again began to rumble as the platform rotated. Pulling her hands off the pillar she wiped the layer of sweat from her forehead and breathed deeply. She sure was glad Annabeth knew what she was talking about.

Looking over to the rest of them she watched as they shuffled towards her, their movements much more awkward and desperate than when they entered. Angelica was clearly still suffering the worst, her giant boulder of a stomach still causing her some serious issues as she slowly waddled towards them. Her face as white as a sheet and an almost constant pained expression showing across it as she furrowed her brow.

In the last hour Annabeth’s own desperation had quickly built up, the water she had drunk in the first room making its way to her bladder. A definite tightness was present in her abdomen and she was already at the point where she would ordinarily have dropped almost anything to find a restroom. One or twice she had gotten this desperate while teaching and she knew it wouldn’t be long until she was in serious trouble. Thankfully, with her students being adults she had managed to escape to the bathroom in time, but that wasn’t an option in this temple.

Miia could see Courtney was putting on a brave face, but she was starting to struggle too. She had been made to drink a lot of water a reasonable amount of time ago and now, it was clear that despite her best efforts it was troubling her.

Meeting up together again, the group pushed forwards towards the next room. But as they approached the doorway it was clear something was different this time. The room they were heading for didn’t have the same metal structure, instead the floor was completely made of stone and the walls were too. They were made from a flat carved rock with many of the runes and inscriptions they had seen in other temples covering the wall. At its centre stood a farm more elaborate machine that extended into the celling, it looked far more like a fountain that any of the others. In a weird way it was familiar to Annabeth. But the biggest difference was that this room seemed to have been damaged somehow, parts of the rock littered the ground and large chunks were missing from the ceiling, something had clearly happened here.

“What is this, is this the final room?” Miia asked as Courtney helped Angelica perch on the side of a low wall near the machine, quietly groaning and flinching to herself. It had been around 45 minutes since Angelica had started drinking and judging from how she was sitting, her bladder was starting to rapidly fill as the large quantity of water she had drunk left her stomach.

“We should be careful here. Don’t press anything until we know what the test is.” Annabeth said as she began to walk around the large room. Reading the inscriptions around the walls it was clear this place was dedicated to the 12 rune holders, even those that had apparently sought to destroy the Omotet. It was a little weird to know that one of these inscriptions was likely of Laurence, the man who was desperately trying to find this place.

Carefully studying the room was a good distraction for Annabeth who had become increasingly fidgety as she had waited for the last test to be completed. She had been the first to enter a test and was now feeling her bladder being pushed towards its limits. Squeezing herself slightly between the legs her face reddened as she realised she was still in the company of her students and friends. But looking at them, she didn’t need to worry since they were all clearly in the same boat if not worse off than herself.

Only Miia seemed to be getting away with it, but that would likely change soon too. Even without the water she had drunk, they had all been travelling since early this morning and by her calculations hadn’t visited a bathroom in close to 8 hours at this point. Part of her was surprised they were not more desperate, but they had been sweating a lot on the walk over so they probably lost a lot of fluid then. Fluid that had definitely been replaced several times over for many of them, she was just thankful her task over an hour ago hadn’t made her drink too much or she might not have even made it this far.

Crossing her legs tightly Annabeth stood reading an inscription near the machine, she had just about figured out what they had to do. In fact, it was something she had already seen and done.

“Ok guys, so it seems this is an ancient lock. There are 12 descriptions here and 12 runes around the room. I think we have to push or maybe rotate the runes in the right order to unlock the door.”

“So whats the catch?” Miia asked, aware that it couldn’t be as easy as that.

“Well that has to do with this” Annabeth said, gently patting the strange device in the middle. “It seems that these 12 spouts are linked up to the buttons, if we press the wrong one water will come down it and as with any of the other tests im guessing if it hits the floor it will mean we fail.”

“That’s a lot of possible ways to lose it after everything we have done through.” Courtney said quietly.

“I don’t think it’s as bad as it first seems. It means that there are only 12 possible answers and im sure we can narrow it down if we put our heads together. If we can narrow it down to just 4 then we can each take a…”

“P…please don’t make me drink any more” came a whimper from Angelica who was clearly still suffering. Her giant balloon of a bladder still making the poor woman look several months pregnant.

“I…don’t worry, im sure we can get it down to three.” Annabeth replied, walking over and putting a hand gently on the pink haired woman’s shoulder as she vibrated, her hands resting in her lap.

“Plus if we can figure the answers out to the others before we start, then we can rule them out from the later ones right?” Miia said, brining up a good point and raising all their spirits. “Although, can we get a bit of a move on, im starting to need to pee.” She openly admitted and judging by the looks from the others they were all agreeing with that.

Solving some of them was easy, the clues linked to each of the fabled characters and for anyone who knew their stories it was easy to pick out the right answers. But for others, their vague or cryptic clues was leading to some confusion, with a handful of questions still to be decided upon.

But as Annabeth stood there 30 minutes later she was struggling to remain composed and knew time was running out for her. With her legs crossed tightly against each other, she stood opposite the large tablet bouncing up and down in need. The task that had helped distract her was now failing to do so and, to make matters worse she was struggling to read it. Going over the fourth question for the third time in two minutes she had to make a decision.

“Ok its no good, I cant concentrate anymore.” She admitted.

“Me too.” Courtney joined in making her feel a little better.

“So do we just go for it?” Miia said, her hand deep in the pocket of her trousers and clearly holding herself.

“I think we have too.” Annabeth said, summing up how they all felt. The groups bladders all approaching a perilous breaking point. Feeling another powerful pulse from her bladder Annabeth set about starting the trial.

Surveying the room she looked around the carvings and the small piles of rocks they had accumulated near their base. Her and Courtney had assembled them in the shape of dice numbers so they could keep track of which ones they knew and didn’t know. Of the 12 they were confident at 6, less so on 4 others and 2 would have to be complete guesses. Although, the more questions they answered the less choices there would be. So if the unknown runes were some of the last to be pressed it could be possible to get it all correct first time.

“So Tefnet is 1?” Courtney asked, rubbing her thighs together and pointing towards the rune on the wall.

“Yes, im almost certain…But to be sure will you sit at that one and Miia if you come here.” Annabeth said, moving them both into position under spouts of those that it might be if she was wrong.

“Ready?” She asked, looking over briefly as Angelica as she let out another soft whimper from where she was sat.

Getting a nod from both of the other women who placed their mouths under the spouts, Annabeth pushed the first rune, a faint radiating heat filling her body as the rune reacted to something. A loud click sounded from beside the portrait and rune rotated 180 degrees before falling into a small slot in the wall.

“Well, that’s one.” She said, glad to have gotten it correct. Both Courtney and Miia looked a tad more relieved and removing their mouths from the machine. Courtney stood up a little shakily while Miia remained where she was, her eyes closing and a look of concentration covering her face as she bit her bottom lip.

“So number 2 is a 50/50 choice, but we also don’t know about the destroyed rune over there.” Annabeth said before pointing out where she wanted Courtney and Miia to sit again. Courtney was sat at one of the firm choices while Miia covered their bases on the destroyed rune spout. Luckily the other confident choice was one next to where Annabeth would be stood to press in the rune, so it would mean she could run too it as soon as the rune moved.

Pressing the rune she felt it move slightly before she dashed off to the machine, sliding slightly on the dusty floor before planting her mouth around the spout that was below the corresponding rune for one of the other choices.

Unable to see the rune behind her she waited patiently as it ground around in the holding mechanism, but unlike last time there wasn’t a click. Instead, she felt the metallic tube in her mouth begin to rumble and vibrate as something moved above the chamber they were in.

Waiting for the water to begin pouring her way she was surprised to hear a slight squeal from her left, it appeared that the correct answer was in fact Courtney’s rune after all. A rush of clear liquid now draining through the machine and into her assistant.

For the next 30 seconds water funnelled into Courtney’s mouth as she breathed heavily through her nose and swallowed the onrushing water loudly. Her eyes bulging slightly as she fought back the impulse to take her mouth away despite not knowing how much was coming her way. After 20 seconds she had begun to worry that there was an entire ocean up there which she was supposed to be taking in, but 10 seconds later the rushing water had stopped.

“Oh god” Courtney burped, grimacing as her hands gently caressed her full bladder and filling stomach. “That was a lot more than I was anticipating.” She tried to smile, but even Courtney couldn’t hide the discomfort she was in.

To make matters worse the rune in the wall was still spinning, its slow movements meaning it was going to be some time until it was press-able again. Plus it seemed to have reset the first rune, the sequential lock taking them back to square one with any and all wrong answers.

Feeling her own bladder spasm inside her again, Annabeth could only image what the others were going through. She had drunk the least but the longest time ago, Courtney had drunk not too long after her and she had drunk more than her. Her big bladder was probably the only thing that had allowed her to make it this far, but even it seemed to be struggling. Angelica had drunk by far the most given the size of her stomach afterwards and over the last hour she was sure much of it had made its way to her bladder. While Miia had drunk most recently and also seemed to be doing the best out of them. But she didn’t know this language and without Annabeth herself, she was sure they would be stuck here forever, or until one of them lost control over their bladders.

Hearing a click behind herself she looked around, the rune and mechanism had finally reset.

“You guys ready?” She asked again, getting a pair of unenthusiastic nods from them both

Pressing the first rune it once again clicked and fell into place. Now knowing the answer to the second lock she pressed that one and unlike last time it followed the pattern of the first rune and fell into a hidden recess.

“Ok three has to be this one.” Annabeth said confidently as she pressed the next lock, the others looking on nervously as she had failed to tell them where to go.

But thankfully the third rune began rotating and fell into place.

“Which means 4 is this one.” Annabeth continued, happy to see the fourth rune similarly lock into place. They were a third of the way there, although things were about to become a little harder.

“Im not sure on this one, I think it should be this one so Courtney if you take the spout for this rune.” She directed her friend to the one it was least likely to be, attempting to give her a break if she could. “Then I will take this one and Miia you take the one next to me.”

Pushing the fifth rune Annabeth leapt back towards the machine, flinching as her heavy footfall jostled her overfull bladder. Her knee threatening to give way under her but pushing herself forwards she managed to get herself under the spout quickly, shockwaves still going through her bladder.

But once again the rune in the wall clicked into place, they had the first 5 down, just 7 to go. But, despite the confidence another whimper from Angelica caused her to look over as the young woman shuddered from her sitting position next to the machine. They didn’t have any time to lose.

The only problem was that now they getting to the few she didn’t know the answers too. The vague history of the characters portrayed on the wall hidden from time, only a few strands of it had survived. It meant choosing between them using the information on the tablet was nearly impossible. The only good news was that with 5 chosen and the last one having to be the sole remaining one, they were half way through.

“Ok, Courtney move one to your right and Miia take the one two on your left.” Annabeth said, once again reshuffling the three of them as Angelica groaned softly in the background. Taking a moment to check if she missed anything Annabeth gave herself a gentle squeeze between her legs before choosing a rune and pressing it, twisting slightly slower this time and stooping under the fossette like output for the water.

To her dismay she felt it rumble again, they had gotten it wrong! But which one would it be? With the three of them they had covered half of the spouts considering the 5 right answers so far and the wrong one she had just pressed.

After a few moments she was relieved but also horrified to feel her own mouth being flooded with water as it rapidly shot down the pipe. The cold liquid hitting her in the back of the throat and almost causing her to cough, but she somehow fought her innate reflexes and forced herself to keep drinking. The onslaught of water flowing down her throat at speed and causing her stomach to become heavy, her skin stretching slightly as her stomach went from being relatively empty to filling rapidly.

Gulping down the water she realised why it must have had such an impact on Courtney, the sensation sending cramps through her own bladder and forcing her to press both hands unladylike into her crotch. Her muscles were now constantly sending signals that they wanted to relax and let the hours of pee out once and for all. The surprisingly cold water also causing her more problems as it only seemed to exacerbate the problem, her bladder cramping painfully.

30 seconds felt like a lifetime to her as she was pumped full, but eventually the water stopped. Detaching her mouth, she finally allowed herself to cough, one hand covering her mouth the other trying to sure up her defences as her body jolted with each cough. With a final splutter she caught her breath, noting the worried look from Courtney. Although, she wasn’t entirely sure if it was a look about her safety or about the situation they were now in with another wrong answer. They had all hoped it would be a quick puzzle they could resolve swiftly, but it wasn’t turning out that way.

Especially as they waited and watched the runes turn one after another, the mechanism taking around a minute for each rune to return to its previous position. Something that would only take more and more time the further into the puzzle they got.

“Guys, I…I don’t know how much longer I can hold this. My Bladder feels like a rock and there is so much water in me.” Angelica said quietly, now leant over slightly.

“Yeah im not going to lie, Im really starting to need to pee and I didn’t drink anywhere as much as her.” Miia summed up, her left leg currently bent and pressing tightly into the other with her hand now outside her pocket and openly holding herself.

“I know its getting tough, but its just a little longer.” Courtney tried to be optimistic, but the fact she had remained sitting with her left leg under her crotch was giving the game away.

“Im sorry about all this.” Annabeth said earnestly. “But we have just 5 more questions.”

“I know, Ill try and hold. Its just getting really painful now.” Angelica replied, her legs quivering and both hands buried deep in her crotch as she sat up slightly. The bulge in her stomach looked a little smaller, or maybe just lower down now. The quantity of water making its way through to her bladder and at least stopping the sense of fullness and nausea she had been feeling for more than the last hour.

A few minutes later a loud click told them the mechanism had reset and was free to test again so Annabeth wasted no time pressing the first 6 runes and getting them back to where they were over 10 minutes earlier.

“So, are you sure about this one?” Miia asked as she watched Annabeth pause nervously.

“I…im not no.” Annabeth admitted, the others glancing nervously at her.

“Where should I stand?” Miia continued, herself seemingly unphased by the admission.

“That one and Courtney on that one.”

Repeating the process for the seventh time she hurried back to the machine as the rune started to rotate, the extra weight in her stomach taking a moment to get use too. Crossing her fingers, she hoped that they had gotten it right, although this one was a shot in the dark. So, she wasn’t too surprised when the machine rumbled to life once again and she prepared herself to drink more. Crossing her legs tightly she could already feel a lump in her throat as her body sent another sign to stop drinking. The pangs from her bladder getting worse as her stomach had been filled with yet more liquid to fill her already full bladder.

Unfortunately, it wasn’t her that got the extra dose, it was once again Courtney who let out a muffled moan as her mouth was filled again. One hand between her shuffling legs and another on her expanding stomach.

Annabeth could really see that she was struggling now, tears collecting in the corners of Courtney’s eyes as she moaned with each mouthful she drank. Her breaths deep and uneven as she choked back the discomfort and let the machine continue to fill her.

Other than her gulps and moans the room fell quiet as everyone watched, squirming in sympathy as all of them battled their bodies for control. Any lapse in concentration or control would surely spell the end for them and their chance to do this.

Gasping for air the 30 second mark was finally up and Courtney quickly removed her mouth, falling to her knees before sliding down onto the ground. Her hands cupping her crotch and digging in deeply as she sat there. The occasional shiver could be seen going up her spine as she waged a war against the impulses she must have been feeling as her body told her to just let go of it all.

“Surely there must be another way?” Miia asked breaking the silence, the runes in the wall starting the long process of resetting.

“I…I cant think about anything but peeing.” Courtney said, her voice wavering slightly.

“I don’t know, if you have any ideas?” Annabeth said, looking pleadingly at the young Moroccan.

“I…No…” She said, looking down defeated and kicking a small pebble in frustration before wincing and grabbing herself between her legs.

“I think our best option is speed?” Annabeth suggested. “if we don’t know the answers its probably best to do them as fast as possible. If they hadn’t done such a good job of eradicating all mention of themselves I could have helped more. But, I guess that was the point. Only those in the know should be getting the information we now need.”

“Speed sounds good” Courtney summed up Annabeth’s helpless ramblings.

Even as the runes continued resetting Annabeth moved the others into position, waiting at the first rune and being ready to push it the moment it reset. In part to help the others but also to help herself. Each time they reset from now on it would be almost a full 10 minutes before they could start again. That meant if they got them all wrong, they could be stuck here for a further 45 minutes and going off the state of the others and her own cramping bladder she doubted that was going to happen.

But to her and everyone else’s glee the eighth rune went in and with a resounding click the group let out a collective sigh. That was 8 minutes saved and more importantly another dose of water dodged. The only problem was that next question was one of the ones they really had no idea about.

There were only four spouts left, that meant they could between them cover all their bases, given the rune they would press if it was right would not give them anything to drink. In fact, it was almost a 50/50 for this question based on the cult of Memphis bull there were only two icons of people here that had anything to do with it.

Considering Courtney had taken in the most so far and the sweat that was gathering on her assistants face she decided to give her the least likely spout to monitor. While Miia had drunk the least and had also seemed to be doing a little better than her, Annabeth just couldn’t bring herself to give someone else the most likely incorrect answer. She would just have to grin and bear the uncomfortable next few minutes, they were almost there she told herself again.

Almost as soon as the 8th rune fell into place Annabeth scampered over to the next rune, the others all in position. Pressing the rune she quickly turned, a painful twist that radiated out around her body once more as she ran towards the machine in the middle. But after two steps she lost her footing, one of the many stones they had scattered tripping her up and sending her crashing down to the floor.

Looking up through the cloud of dust the others had gone wide eyed as the machine started to rumble, they had gotten it wrong!

Trying to lift herself up she let out a sharp pained noise as she tried to put weight on a now twisted ankle, she couldn’t make it in time! She had shot herself in the foot almost literally by giving herself the job of running back and the most likely incorrect answer.

But getting her weight onto her good leg she looked up, hearing a loud groan as Angelica heaved her bloated body under the machine’s spout that had been next to where she was sitting. Almost instantly water began to pour down the pipe and into the moaning young woman.

Clenching herself tightly and ignoring the constant forks of pain shooting through her distended abdomen, a look of determination came across Angelica’s face as she gulped down mouthful after mouthful of water. The others looking on in almost disbelief as she continued to drain the liquid flowing towards her.

Unable to stand Annabeth lowered herself gently onto the ground and began flexing her ankle, biting her tongue as she felt the damaged joint throb almost in tandem with her own bladder that was getting dangerously close to bursting point.

The rest of them waited with baited breath as Angelica drank, her body containing well beyond what any of them thought was possible. But as soon as the water finished pouring into her mouth 30 seconds later Angelica lent back against the floor, her legs tying themselves in knots as she grabbed at her stomach. A loud low moan escaping her as her whole body seemed to be writhing on the ground. Her enormous stomach now bulging much lower and likely combining with her bladder to give her a heavily pregnant look. Grunting in effort she grappled with her legs as she fought back the pain and desperate feeling of a bladder that was being compressed by the mass of liquid still thundering through her body from her stomach.

“Oooh god!” She moaned again, grimacing as one hand pressed up against her crotch. “I’m going to burst, its just too much!” The young woman whimpered, her entire torso getting redder and redder as she fought to contain the litres of liquid inside her body.

Annabeth felt helpless without her powers, but there was nothing she could do to help.

“Come on turn faster!” Miia shouted from across the room as she stared intently at the first rune, her legs raising and falling as she desperately marched in place.

“Eight minutes, eight minutes, eight minutes.” Annabeth repeated over and over as she paced the room nervously biting her finger nails. The pressure inside her mounting alongside the anxiety caused by the state of Angelica and Courtney who had fallen quiet, extremely unlike her.

“Ooh” Annabeth stopped where she was, her legs slamming together as she felt her muscles quiver for a second. A strange warmth spreading in her crotch for a moment, but looking down she was relieved to see everything was dry. The sensation a strange phantom leak as her muscles now began to relentlessly scream at her to let her pee out.

Feeling another painful cramp she let out a quiet groan before beginning to pace around again, it always seemed to help, not that she remembered the last time she needed to go this badly.

“Two minutes, two minutes, two minutes” Annabeth was now saying as she lapped the machine, wincing slightly as bladder throbbed. Leaning on her left ankle she was using it like some sort of masochist, the pain from the sprained ankle somehow distracting herself from her need.

They were so close to both success and utter failure, the tenseness in the room was almost unbearable.

Hearing a loud quick grunt from beside her she looked down at the sweating mess that Courtney had become in the last 10 minutes. Doubling over her assistant had somehow stifled what Annabeth was sure would have been a much longer groan of desperation. She was now sitting with her legs folded under her, rocking on the spot in otherwise silence. She just had to hold on a little….

“I…I just leaked” Courtney announced through gritted teeth, her face burning red and the muscles in her neck bulging as she tightened anything she could control in order to keep her bulging bladder contained.

“Just a little longer!” Annabeth tried to rally her spirit.

“I Know, I know……But I cant hold this much longer.”

“Me neither.” Miia replied, standing awkwardly with her legs double knotted.

A loud whimper from Angelica was a sign that it was all of them that had reached this point, even Annabeth. Her almost leak a sure sign that she had reached the edges of control. The pulses and forks of pain only escalating with each passing moment.

But hearing a click from behind her Annabeth knew that this would be the last chance she got, one more time or it would be over. She wasn’t sure if she could make it 10 more minutes if she had to wait for the machine to rest again, but she was sure that none of the others looked like they could.

A pitiful wallowing noise began to escape Angelica, reaffirming that thought as she watched the young woman cradling her giant bladder. The skin under her shirt pulled tighter than she ever thought possible, bulging out of her monstrously and escaping under the once loose fitting top she had on.

Hobbling over Annabeth pressed the first rune. “Come on guys, one more go.”

“What if its not the last test?” Courtney asked, a louder groan escaping Angelica at the mere suggestion there could be more challenges after this one.

Moving over Annabeth pressed the second one as soon as she could, each half rotation of the other runes seeming to take an age for them.

“If its not…I don’t think im making it any further.” Miia admitted, sheepishly moving her hand to the side and revealing a tiny wet patch on her khaki shorts.

“Come on guys, just a few mu, more minutes.” Annabeth said, doubling over in pain as she pressed in the third rune. Her ears filled with another groan from Angelica as the woman fell into a foetal position, now laying on the ground in a protective stance, but all the pain was coming from within not the outside.

“That’s four” Annabeth announced, hoping that the progress she was making would give the others a little more power to hold.

“Which one should I go too.” Courtney asked, her head in a daze as she sat rigidly on both of her heels and despite what she was saying Courtney knew any movement would probably spell the end of her control. Her cheeks rosy from the exertion and shirt damp with sweat.

“Five!”

“Don’t bother, I think this is our last shot.” Annabeth said, huffing and puffing as she continued to the 6th rune.

Walking wasn’t helping anymore, so gripping herself as tightly as possible Annabeth waited for the 5th rune to stop and slapped the 6th one.

“Half way there.”

7….8…9….

Each press was accompanied by a number of groans, grunts and whimpers from the group of four women who had truly passed any limits they thought they had.

“Here goes nothing” Annabeth said, pushing the first unknown rune. At least this was one she was almost sure on and she was delighted to see the 10th rune rotate, her breath catching in her throat until she saw it fall into position. She was right!”

“Im so sorry” A quiet voice whimpered from the floor.

Looking over Annabeth could see the bottom of Angelicas tan trousers darken for a moment as she began to lose control. The burst of wetness spreading down her rear and the inside of her bottom thigh as she led on her side facing away from them and hiding her face from them. But somehow as she grunted again, she seemed to have cut off the flow, her hands digging deeply into her womanhood for all the extra support they could give her.

“I…I….” Annabeth said as she looked between the two last runes. It could have been either of them, it was a 50/50 shot.

“Just pick one!” Miia shouted, her outburst sounding more desperate than annoyed.

Outstretching her right-hand Annabeth pushed the rune which began to rotate.

Time seemed to stand still as she watched it; her ears filled with her own heart beat as she tried to listen to see if the machine was about to spurt water on them.

“Hiiuuuu” Angelica cried a strange noise, Annabeth looking over to see another burst of wetness escaping between the young woman’s hands as they grabbed desperately at herself.

*Click*

“We’ve done it!” Angelica cried as she slammed her hand into the final rune.

“I can’t!” came a pained wail as a loud sodden hissing filled the room as Angelica’s bladder burst at the seams, wetness erupting from her saturating her trousers. Annabeth watched as the wetness started rushing over Angelicas legs and starting to pool on the sand covered floor as she groaned in relief, her hands causing the clear liquid to spray out in multiple directions at once. The heavily pressurised stream splashing against them like a finger in a hose as she led on her side. Her right leg was completely drenched within moments, her tan trousers turning a dark caramel colour as the liquid was absorbed into the material. The wet patch was quickly growing all the way up the seat of her pants despite her position, some soaking into her top as it pooled on the floor. Letting her hands sag away a ripple of liquid was even possible to see as it forced itself at some pace through the fabric, a small fountain continuing unabated.

“I…oh….well that’s that.” Miia said, her head drooping and body sagging as her shorts quickly joined Angelicas as she lost or possibly gave up the last shreds of her control. Streams flowing down both her legs and splattering onto the stone beneath them noisily. The patter of her accident and hiss from Angelica’s echoing around the room and tormenting the two remaining women. The sound of a dozen accidents reaching their ears as they struggled for composure and control.

*Click*

Turning Annabeth through her scrunched eyes saw the last rune fall into place. Had they done it, did it count, or was all of their suffering for nothing.

In the middle of the room the entire machine rotated, dust and debris falling from the machine as it shook violently.

“What’s happening?” Miia asked as she moved over to help Angelica away from the machine, both of the accidents still ongoing and leaving wet trails across the floor.

“I don’t know, I…OOoh” Annabeth started, her thought interrupted by a powerful pulse from her bladder that caused her to fall to one knee.

“Oh shit” She whispered quietly as she felt her bladder give up. A jet of wetness leaving her and running down her left leg that she was knelt on. A smaller stream falling directly below her as she joined both of the others in losing control. She had known it was coming, the painful pulses a sure sign, but it still felt like a strange surprise for some reason. She had been trying to deny it, to occupy her mind with the puzzles and she guessed it must have worked for it to creep up on her this badly. Although a strange warm sensation from the rune on her arm made her wonder for a moment if something else had just happened?

Suddenly as three of them continued to pee a gust of chilled air burst through the floor as the device at its centre was lifted upwards. An opening appearing in the roof which it was slowly pushed into. For the first time Annabeth looked around the room with a clear mind, her body relaxing as the litres and hours of piss continued to flow freely down her one leg, overflowing her boot and causing a large puddle to start forming around where she was knelt. It was only now that she realised the room didn’t have two doors, it should have been obvious to them, but their pee addled minds must have some how overlooked it. This was the final test, it had to be.

As the machine slowly rose into the air, it revealed a small spiral staircase going downwards, the exit revealing itself. So had they been successful?

“Did we do it?” A strained voice asked as Annabeth looked across to see Courtney still somehow dry.

“I don’t know, but one way or the other…its over.” Annabeth said, her head tilting back as she sighed with relief, her bladder finally empty and despite the wet trousers she felt a lot more comfortable.

“Oh thank god.” Courtney said, standing up quickly as a small snake of pee moved down her exposed thigh before she crouched again and yanked her shorts down.

Looking away in shock and to give Courtney privacy all Annabeth heard was the moan of pleasure and a heavy stream splattering against the rock.

At least one of us made it, she thought to herself as the edge of Courtney’s heavily pressurised stream flowed past the edges of her vision. The thin puddle pushed away from her at speed since it was free of any clothing or barriers. Joining up with the rest of their accidents a giant dark grey and orange puddle had formed covering most of the large room, beginning to drip through the hole in the floor that had appeared.

After another minute Courtney finally stopped peeing and Angelica who had been the first to lose it finished a few seconds later. The pink haired woman standing unsteadily, a strange smile plastered across her face despite a small bulge still being visible in her stomach. Her trousers were completely covered in her own urine, not a spot had been spared, but she didn’t seem to have a care in the world.

Miia was clearly uncomfortable with her new wet clothes, trying to wring them dry and pulling them away from herself. But now was the moment, had they succeeded or was all this for nothing?

After collecting themselves and swapping glances at each other’s wet clothes the group descended in almost silence, a faint dripping noise the only sound as their pee followed them down.

Descending into the darkness they could see the faint glow of something near the bottom, the same now eerie looking blue light coming from more of those crystals. But as they finally made it to the bottom, they were met with something they didn’t expect. Leaving the stairwell they found themselves in a lush green meadow, long removed from the arid desert above them. Beside them a small stream flowed past with fish jumping out of the water.

“What the hell?” Miia asked, looking around them.

“Honestly, I was thinking the same.” Annabeth replied, causing a couple of smirks from the others as the tribulations of the last couple of hours were quickly forgotten.

“I guess we go over there?” Courtney said, pointing to a small wooden house that appeared to have been built there some time ago out of an old boat.

Walking through the open and slightly run-down looking doorway they entered the large hut. Its walls covered in tapestries and containing artefacts from across the world. A large painting caught Annabeth’s attention, it showed a pirate figure standing next to a large ship. But the thing that had gotten her attention was the rune on the mans arm and the tablet sticking out from a satchel. An inscription read “To Marquis of Tong'an, may the waters be clear and your journey safe. The Omotet is in your debt.”

“Is this your pirate fellow?” Courtney asked, leaning in to read it alongside her.

“It would seem that way, but it doesn’t explain what we have to do now we are here.”

“I think I’ve got that” Miia said, pointing to a scroll on the table. The paper wrapped up by a strange band with some kind of wooden symbol on it.

“What is it?” Annabeth asked “They look like what the people with you were wearing.”

“It’s a piece of the Mantuub tree. I don’t know its exact history but they grow in the waters of the Nile and seems to counteract the powers of the runes.” Miia replied. “Its almost like a sacred artifact for the Omotet.”

“How does it work?”

“I have no idea, I mean do you know how the rune works?” Miia countered.

“Fair point” Annabeth admitted before picking up the scroll and unrolling it. The parchment unfurling to show a nicely painted image of a tree with the pirate and another figure stood next to it. Their hands touching the tree which had been pained with a number of runes covering it.

“I mean it’s a nice picture, but how does it help us?” Courtney asked, looking over their shoulders.

“Uh guys…” Angelica interrupted, pointing out of one of the windows and at a tree that seemed to be the exact one on the painting.

Looking at each other Annabeth and Courtney shrugged, what did they have to lose.

Walking out the back of the house they approached the tree, its dark wood knotted and thick. But the closer they got the more Annabeth’s arm seemed to feel heavy, the rune starting to burn but her bladder not filling. Did she have the powers back now, or was it something to do with the tree. Stopping by its trunk she looked around for any other clues. “Now what?”

“I guess try touching it?” Miia said.

Outstretching her arm Annabeth touched the wooden bark, a sudden intense burst of searing heat filling her arm and bladder. She didn’t know what was happening, but she couldn’t let go of the tree now she had touched it. Taking a deep breath, she remembered how Laurence had transferred a rune in front of her and closing her eyes she relaxed and willed the tree to take it.

In front of the others the dune flashed a bright yellow colour before the rune seemed to liquify, forming strange water like tendrils that moved down Annabeth’s arm and extended onto the tree. The rune quickly transferring on its bark and leaving a dark trail before flashing again.

Stumbling back Annabeth could now make out an ingrained symbol on the bark and checking her arm she was happy to see the rune had gone. They had done it!

“Now what?” Miia asked as the reality of what they had just done began to sink in.

“Now, we go home.” Annabeth said, the group smiling and beginning the track back towards the entrance.

###

Hey guys, I really hope you enjoyed that story.

It was a little bit of a different type than I usually write and I wasn’t entirely sure where it was going when I started it. Hopefully that didn’t come across too much with the chapters.

I’d love to know what you all thought, it could be something I try again in the future.

But I've already been planning my next one which I will be doing as a properly interactive story, Ill be posting the first very short chapter this weekend or maybe Monday. So if you liked this story or the others ive written keep an eye out, the working title is “The desperate promotion”. But that is all I will say for now.

If you guys have any questions about this story feel free to ask, it was good fun to write although I don’t have any plans to revisit it in the future.

*064*2021-05-06 22:31

{{On 5/1/2021 at 2:09 AM, LifeIsStrange said:

Fantastic ending!

}}

{{On 5/1/2021 at 6:46 AM, Melificentfan said:

What a fantasmic story that was I really enjoyed reading the whole story

}}

{{On 5/3/2021 at 4:41 AM, Rinatro said:

This has been an amazing story. I'm happy you were able to make it through to completion. It was a good satisfying ending

}}

{{On 5/3/2021 at 3:53 PM, WaityKaty said:

Fantastic writing! I enjoyed all the lore and the pacing. Thanks for all the time and effort this must have taken!

}}

Thank you all for the really kind words and continued support, im glad you all enjoyed it!

It was good fun to write and it was interesting to see the reaction to lore Omo stories. I've not dabbled in them before but it seemed like people enjoyed them.

{{On 5/1/2021 at 5:40 AM, Manticore said:

Great throughout, and a good ending too, great performances from all four! They got really lucky towards the end of the trials there.

I'm wondering what happens now with Laurence and their group being denied the last rune they needed. Will the evil superhuman carry on or give up on their plan to become an all powerful god?

I would love a spin-off or a side story about Joy, the woman from the airplane and the airport with amazing control. She got in a cab at 99% and I can only imagine what she had to do to avoid losing it all the way to her destination.

Thanks for writing and looking forward to more as always!

}}

Thank you as well and yeah they made it by the skin of their teeth.

There is definitely some room for continuations, but for now Laurence has been stopped at some capacity although he is still a very powerful individual. Given he seems to be able to live forever, who knows if another unlucky explorer might come across the rune, or maybe he will infiltrate the Omotet and get his hands on it that way.

Yeah there were a few places where a spin off might be interesting, the main one being Joy's story. But there were a number of characters and events it could be interesting to tell from their point of view. For example one of the little hints at an accident was actually the receptionist that Annabeth filled when they arrived at the conference. It was actually her accident that the cleaner was mopping up and not Annabeth's, with the woman being in the locked stall. Part of me did it as a red herring to make people think it might have been Philippa for a moment, but it was also enjoyable to think of her stuck there at the desk for some time after everyone else had left. I might explore some of them in the future.

