Take a Piss Shoto!

Author: MadelineLove19

*000*2022-04-24 19:16

It was 11:55pm at night, 5 minutes til midnight; Shoto lies awake in his bed shifting every so slightly in his bed. His partner Katsuki was sleeping besides him.

He was doing everything in his power to not wake him up, but his bladder was making it very difficult. 11:58pm read the digital clock, he groaned in annoyance just watching the time.

Shoto: "Ugh, come on, come on! Please be morning already, geez...."

Shoto: "Midnight?! Ugh....I'm not pissing in the dark!"

Katsuki shifted in his bed waking up on his own. He turned over to see his fiance still wide awake.

Katsuki: "Something wrong Sho?"

Shoto: "Huh?! What, I....I....I thought you were a-asleep!"

Katsuki: "I was..... But I got up to check on you, and well I heard something...."

Shoto: "Uh yeah, I'm fine!"

Katsuki: "Are you sure?"

Shoto: *Nods*

Katsuki: "Okay...."

Katsuki turns over to his side and falls back asleep. Shoto can feel the tension in his bladder as he felt more and more desperate.

3 hours, 33 minutes later.... (3:25am)

Shoto really has to go now, he did everything to keep his bladder under control, and not wet himself. You see, this isn't the 1st time he did this..... Everytime he has a nightmare about his past.... He ends up wetting the bed, and Katsuki has to clean it up.

He wasn't sleeping this time, not pissing the bed. The only thing standing in his way is his severe fear of the dark. The wind blew hard against the glass stained windows, the tree tapped on it making him jump.

Shoto: *Yelps*

Katsuki: ????

Katsuki: "Shoto... You sure you're fine, 'cause I can tell something's wrong...."

Shoto: *Staggers* I'm fine...I mean no....yes I'm okay, I mean I need... I need to...."

Katsuki:

Katsuki raises his eyebrow in confusion and suspicion, something was definitely up, and he will find out, somehow.....

4 hours later....(7:25am)

It was 7:25am and by then Shoto couldn't stay awake anymore and fell asleep, but....

Shoto: "D-Dad, s-stop please!"

Eveador: "Don't be a baby, we're training until you're you'll get it"

Shoto: "But, I want to play...."

Eveandor: "Be quiet, and do as I tell you!"

Poor young Shoto was covered in bruises from his father's punching, he shot fire his way and it burned his upper left arm.

Mom: "Enji stop! He's only 5!"

Eveandor: "He can take it, show me you're not weak!"

Mom: "STOP"

But he didn't listen, Shoto takes another punch to his stomach causing him to lose all consciousness. Eveandor clicks his tongue in disappointment and left him there saying "Deal with it, and leave him there..." To his mom.

At 7:54am.....

Katsuki: "Sho, wake up!"

Shoto: I'm....I'm...I'm s-sorry daddy, I'll....I'll do better just don't hurt me, please!"

Katsuki sighs, poor Shoto had one of his flashbacks again. He wiggles him awake causing his eyes to bolt awake.

Shoto: *Hyperventilating*

Katsuki: *Shushes him* It's okay Sho.... Your dad's not here, you're safe...."

Shoto: "....."

Katsuki: "Do you need to piss"

Shoto: "W-What, n-no what.....*Gasps* "

Yep to his horror, his pants had small but visible wet patch on his pajama pants. He completely forgot about having to pee, he grabs his dick through his clothes with eyes filled with tears.

Katsuki: "It's better to let go then make it worse..."

Shoto: "W-What?! No, I'm not going to-- nnng!"

Katsuki: "I know you've been holding it all night..... Just let go!"

Shoto: "But I don't want you to clean up again like--"

Katsuki: "Piss Shoto, I'm not going to tell you again...."

He gulped, Katsuki's voice was booming and strict, it was the tone he uses anytime he refuses to listen. Katsuki applies pressure to his fiance's bladder, and he started to pee.

The sheets went from white to yellow as spreads throughout the bed. He felt like peeing an ocean as pees. Shoto cries "No" over, over, and over again as his body shudders against Katsuki's chest.

Shoto: "I-I-I'm so s-sorry Kats! I'm such a baby.... and now you have to clean it all up again....."

Katsuki: "Don't apologize Sho, it's okay you can't help it if you have nightmares, or your phobia of the dark."

Katsuki: "I'll always love you, no matter how many times I clean up.

Shoto: I love you too Kats!"

Katsuki: "Now let's get this shit and you cleaned up okay?"

Shoto nods still ashamed, Katsuki pulls him in for a hug and kisses on the forehead before starting to clean him and the bed up.

At 12:54pm....

5 hours had passed since this morning's incident, Katsuki and Shoto were at the agency waiting for their next rescue. Izuku, Ochako, Erijiou, Mina, Ausi, Hatana, Tenya, and Denki was also there.

Denki: "Anything yet?"

Hatana: "Nope all is quiet."

Tenya: "For now, we need stay on guard!"

Ochako: "We've been since this morning, and nothing!"

Tenya: "Patience Uravity, patience.... We got work to do!"

Katsuki: "Bossy as always eh four eyes?"

Iida: "Again I'm Tanya Iida, and call me by my hero name Ingenuetinm!"

Katsuki: "Whatever....."

3 hours later, 23 minutes later (3:31pm)

Shoto was drinking a large coffee he brought while doing some paperwork. He then looked at the clock 3:32pm, he sighed what a typical slow Monday....

Katsuki walks over to his fiance's desk standing beside him. He then grabs the coffee out of his hands and waves it in front of his face.

Shoto: "Kats, what the heck?! Give it back I need my energy!"

Katsuki: *Sighs* That's because you stayed up until 7am in the morning Shoto... And what did I say about nicknames in public?"

Shoto: "Force of habit sorry..."

Katsuki: "Also, you might have to piss soon so I suggest take it easy okay, and go."

Shoto: "I'll be fine!"

Katsuki lands his head on the desk clicking his tongue, pretty typical of his fiance pushing past his limits.

Later....

Erijiou: "Ground Zero, Shoto you're needed on 5th Avenue & Kennedy BLVD!"

Ochako: "Wait isn't that where the mall is?"

Erijiou: "Yep, we just got a hot tip about some villains meeting a drug dealer there..."

Izuku: "Why there? People will see that!"

Erijiou: Well there's a dark corner at the back of the mall."

Katsuki: "We're on it, let's go!"

Shoto: "Okay....."

Uh-oh, maybe Shoto should have listened to his fiance..... He realized he had to pee, again but it wasn't bad, plus he can hold it right?

1 hour later...

The 2 pro-heroes sat on the roof above the shopping center. They both waited for them to show up, but so far....nothing....

Shoto: "How long are we going to be here for?"

Katsuki: "Probably for awhile, Kirishima said they'll arrive in 3 hours."

Shoto: "Seriously?! Why are we out here then?!"

Katsuki: "Good question...."

Shoto: *Mind* Shit! 3 hours ugh couldn't we arrive 30 minutes before....

Katsuki: "Why do you ask?"

Shoto: It's....It's...It's nothing, just wanted to know."

Katsuki: "Uh-huh and I'm Pika!"

Shoto giggles a little bit, but clenches his thighs as to keep the urine from escaping. He knew if Katsuki finds out, game over! He didn't want him to worry, so he kept quiet.

23 minutes later....

Shoto: "Wait Kats, where are you going?"

Katsuki: "To take a leak of course!"

Shoto: "But, we're in the middle of a mission, they can show up at anytime!"

Katsuki: "I know, I know, but I can't hold it for the next 2 hours, 51 minutes!"

Shoto sighs, he knew he was right, holding all that piss for the next 2 hours, 51 minutes is not pleasant.... Katsuki can definitely see him shifting around, crossing his legs, ex.

He then looks at his partner in the eyes. He had to piss he just know it, if only he can get him to go....

Katsuki: "Are you okay?"

Shoto: "Y-Yeah, I-I-I'm f-fine...."

Katsuki: "Shoto Todoroki...."

Shoto: "....."

Katsuki: "Do you have to piss too?"

Shoto: "What?! N-No, I'm fine!"

Katsuki: "Uh-huh and I'm 4 eyes! Don't lie to me...."

Shoto: "But someone has to be there to look out for the villains!"

Katsuki: "Good point.... You should go, I don't need to go to bad...."

Shoto: "I'm...I'm...I'm f-fine!"

Katsuki: "No you're not, you had water, lemonade, and 3 large coffees earlier!"

No matter how many times Katsuki tries to convince Shoto to pee, he refuses to leave his position. He rolls his eyes and left for the bathroom leaving Shoto to sit there and suffer.

Shoto: "Damn maybe I should go.... I'll be fine...."

Erijiou: "You sure?"

Shoto: "What?! Red Riot, what the hell are you doing here?!"

Erijiou: "Turns out that there's going to be more villains out there at least 3-8 so I thought you could use some backup."

Erijiou: "Where's Ground Zero?"

Shoto: "Bathroom..."

Erijiou: "Oh, I see..."

Erijiou: "By the way you had your radio on so I can hear you...."

Shoto's face was plasted with horror, he heard everything?! Damn it.... Erijiou looked down at him and can definitely see her really had to pee.

Shoto: "I'm so sorry you had to hear that, that's so embarrassing!"

Erijiou: "No worries but I agree with Ground Zero, you really should go...."

Shoto: "Uh-huh..."

Erijiou: "Yeah huh! Just got I'll keep watch."

Shoto: "I'm-- nnngh aaagh!"

Erijiou:

Katsuki: "Okay that's it come with me!"

Shoto: "Kats--aaaahhh!"

Erijiou watches as Katsuki grabs Shoto's hand, and pulls him over to the door downstairs. He then turns over to keep watch.

30 minutes later....

Katsuki pulls him into a stall with him and locks it. Poor Shoto's beyond his limit, and of course he's bladder shy which makes things way difficult.

Katsuki: *Shushes him* It's OK babe just go..."

Shoto: I.....I....I c-c-can't! It's embarrassing!"

Katsuki: "That's why I'm here okay.... I'll make you feel good I promise."

Katsuki wipes away tears and starts rubbing on his bladder. He was way overfull, and Katsuki knew he's going to have to see the doctor later after this.

Katsuki: "Let go,it's just us."

Shoto: "But...but....but it...it..it hurts! Ow...."

Katsuki: *Shushes him again* Shh, I know we're seeing the doctor after this okay?"

Katsuki: "Just let go for me, just piss it's alright..."

With a whimper and a shudder, Shoto painfually releases all of the fluids he's been holding all day into the toilet. He moaned quietly as contents arched into the air to the toilet.

Katsuki smiles as he watches his soon-to be-husband reliever himself crying in pain. His bladder was sore as Katsuki gives it one last part. Shoto winchester feeling it, once he was done he collapses into his lovers chest breathing breathlessly.

Katsuki: "Feeling better now?"

Shoto: "Y-Yeah, m-much better..."

Katsuki: "Good let's go!"

