AI generated short stories

Author: mdrc29A

*000*2022-12-13 23:30

Tell me a story about a young woman who fails at peeing in a bottle but she can't stop and it overflows

2 / 2

There once was a young woman named Sarah who was on a long road trip with her friends. After several hours of driving, Sarah realized she needed to pee but the nearest rest stop was still an hour away.

Frustrated and desperate, Sarah grabbed a water bottle from the backseat and decided to try to pee in it. She fumbled with the cap, trying to open it while still maintaining her modesty.

After several failed attempts, she finally managed to open the cap and started to pee. But the bottle was small and she couldn't control the flow. Before she knew it, the bottle was overflowing and urine was spilling onto her lap and the car seat.

Her friends were horrified and started laughing uncontrollably. Sarah felt humiliated and embarrassed. She quickly grabbed some napkins and tried to clean up the mess, but it was too late.

The rest of the road trip was filled with awkward silences and Sarah couldn't shake the embarrassment of her failed attempt at peeing in a bottle. She vowed to never try it again and to always plan ahead for restroom breaks.

$$$

Tell me a story about a young woman who fails at peeing in a bottle but she can't stop and it overflows

2 / 2

Once upon a time, in a small town on the outskirts of the city, there lived a young woman named Lucy. Lucy was a bright and ambitious young woman who was determined to succeed in her chosen career as a musician.

One day, Lucy was traveling on a long road trip with her bandmates when she realized that she desperately needed to pee. She looked around and saw that there was no bathroom in sight, so she grabbed a nearby bottle and tried to pee in it.

But despite her best efforts, Lucy just couldn't seem to hit the mark. She squirmed and squiggled and strained, but still the urine just kept missing the bottle and splashing onto the floor of the car.

As she continued to try and pee, the bottle began to overflow and the stench of urine filled the air. Her bandmates looked on in horror as they realized what was happening, but there was nothing they could do to stop it.

Eventually, after what felt like an eternity, Lucy finally managed to stop the flow of urine and the car was filled with a sense of relief. But the damage had been done and the car was now a mess, and Lucy was left feeling humiliated and embarrassed.

Despite her best efforts, Lucy had failed at peeing in a bottle and she couldn't stop the flow of urine. It was a lesson she would never forget, and she vowed to always be more careful and prepared in the future.

###

Tell me a detailed story about a young woman in college who can't wait in line for the bathroom and has to stand up and pee at a urinal after she leaks in line

2 / 2

There was once a young woman named Samantha who was a freshman in college. She was a bit on the shy side and was having a difficult time adjusting to college life. One day, she was walking around campus with her friends when she suddenly felt the urge to use the bathroom.

As they approached the bathroom, she noticed that there was a long line of girls waiting to use the stalls. She didn't want to wait in line and decided to take a chance and use the men's bathroom instead.

As she entered the bathroom, she noticed that there were no stalls, only urinals. She hesitated for a moment, but her need to go was too urgent to wait any longer. She quickly walked over to a urinal and stood up to pee.

At first, she was nervous and self-conscious, but as she relieved herself, she realized that it wasn't as bad as she thought it would be. She finished up and washed her hands before exiting the bathroom.

As she walked out, she noticed that she had leaked a little bit on the floor in the line for the women's bathroom. She felt embarrassed and ashamed, but she was grateful that she had been able to use the men's bathroom and avoid an accident.

From then on, she made a point to always check the men's bathroom if there was a long line for the women's. She learned to be more confident and assertive in situations where she needed to use the bathroom, even if it meant stepping out of her comfort zone.

###

Tell me a detailed story about a young woman in college who can't wait in line for the bathroom and has to stand up and pee at a urinal after she leaks in line

2 / 2

As a young woman in college, Sarah was always on the go. She was involved in several extracurricular activities, worked part-time at a local coffee shop, and took a full load of classes. This meant that she was constantly running from one place to another, and didn't always have time to stop and use the bathroom when she needed to.

One day, Sarah was rushing to a meeting on campus when she suddenly felt the urgent need to go to the bathroom. She quickly made her way to the nearest restroom, but was dismayed to find a long line of other students waiting to use the facilities.

Sarah tried to hold it, but the pressure was too great. She could feel a warm sensation spreading between her legs as she leaked urine into her underwear. She knew she had to do something quickly, or she would end up with a wet spot on her pants.

Desperate, Sarah decided to take a chance and go into the men's room. She was nervous and embarrassed, but she didn't have any other options. She quickly made her way to a urinal, trying to avoid making eye contact with any of the other guys who were in there.

Sarah was relieved when she finally got to go, but she couldn't help feeling embarrassed and humiliated. She knew she had to be more careful in the future and make sure she had time to use the bathroom before she really needed to go.

###

Tell me a detailed story about a squirming young woman in college who can't wait in line for the bathroom and has to stand up and pee somewhere else after she leaks in line.

3 / 3

As she stood in line for the bathroom, squirming and shifting her weight from one foot to the other, the young woman could feel a sense of panic rising inside her. She had been holding it in for what felt like hours, but in reality it had only been a few minutes. But the line wasn't moving, and she could feel her bladder starting to give out.

Desperate, she looked around for an alternative. But the crowded college campus offered little in the way of privacy. She could see the disgusted looks on the faces of the other students in line as they noticed her fidgeting and squirming.

Finally, she couldn't take it anymore. She stood up straight, ignoring the whispers and stares of the other students, and walked over to the nearest trash can. She lifted the lid and, with a sigh of relief, let her urine flow into the can.

As she finished, she could feel the weight of her embarrassment and shame. She knew that she had just made a huge mistake, and she didn't know how she was going to face the other students in line after this.

But she didn't have time to dwell on it. She quickly closed the lid of the trash can, wiped herself clean, and hurried back to her dorm room, trying to avoid eye contact with anyone.

She spent the rest of the day in her room, feeling mortified and humiliated. She knew that she had let herself down, and she didn't know how she was going to face the other students in line again.

But as the days passed, she gradually started to come to terms with what had happened. She realized that she had made a mistake, but that it was a mistake that anyone could have made in her situation.

And she decided to put the incident behind her, and to focus on moving forward and making the most of her college experience. She learned from her mistake, and made sure to always have a plan in place in case she ever found herself in a similar situation again.

###

Tell me a detailed story about a squirming young woman in college who can't wait in line for the bathroom and has to stand up and pee somewhere else after she leaks in line.

3 / 3

It was a typical Friday night on the campus of State University, and Samantha was out with her friends at a popular bar near their dorms. After a few drinks, she was feeling the urge to use the restroom, but the line for the ladies' room was impossibly long.

Samantha shifted from one foot to the other, trying to hold it as long as possible, but after a few minutes, she could feel a warm sensation between her legs. She had leaked a little bit and was now frantically trying to find a place to go.

She looked around and saw that there was a small alcove next to the bar, hidden from view by a few plants. It looked like the perfect spot for her to sneak in and relieve herself. She quickly made her way over there, careful not to draw attention to herself.

Once inside the alcove, Samantha pulled down her jeans and underwear and squatted down, letting out a sigh of relief as she began to pee. She felt a little embarrassed that she was doing this in public, but the urge was too strong to hold it any longer.

As she finished up, she heard someone coming into the alcove and quickly stood up, trying to pull up her pants as quickly as possible. It was her friend Sarah, who had noticed her absence from the line and had come to check on her.

"Samantha, what are you doing in here?" Sarah asked, looking shocked and concerned.

"I...I couldn't hold it any longer," Samantha stammered, feeling her face flush with embarrassment. "The line was just too long and I didn't want to leak in front of everyone."

Sarah shook her head, but didn't seem too upset. "Well, next time, just wait it out. Or go before we leave the dorms. You don't want to be caught standing up to pee in public like that."

Samantha nodded, feeling sheepish. She vowed to be more prepared in the future and avoid any more awkward bathroom situations.

###

Tell me a detailed story about a squirming young woman in college who can't wait in line for the bathroom and has to stand up and pee in a sink after she leaks in line.

4 / 4

It was a typical Friday night at the college bar, and Sarah was out with her friends. She had been drinking heavily and was feeling the effects of it. As the night went on, she started to feel an urgent need to use the bathroom.

She made her way to the line for the ladies' room, but it was incredibly long. She fidgeted and squirmed, trying to hold it in as best she could. But as the minutes ticked by, she could feel herself starting to leak. She didn't want to make a mess on the floor, so she looked around for another option.

That's when she saw the sink in the corner of the room. She quickly made her way over to it and lifted up her dress. She braced herself against the wall and started to pee into the sink.

As she was doing this, a group of guys walked into the room and saw her. They started laughing and making crude comments. Sarah was humiliated, but she couldn't stop herself from peeing in the sink. She was so desperate to go that she didn't care about the embarrassment.

Finally, she finished and quickly grabbed a handful of paper towels to clean up the mess. She was still squirming and uncomfortable, but at least she had managed to go without making a bigger mess on the floor.

She made her way back to her friends, feeling embarrassed and ashamed. She knew she had made a fool of herself, but she couldn't help it. She was a squirming young woman in college who just couldn't wait in line for the bathroom.

++++

Tell me a detailed story about a squirming young woman in college who can't wait in line for the bathroom and has to stand up and pee in a sink after she leaks in line.

4 / 4

It was a bustling Friday night at the college campus and Sarah, a young and eager sophomore, was out with her friends at a popular bar near campus. The night was going great and Sarah was having a blast dancing and laughing with her friends.

As the night went on, however, Sarah started feeling the need to use the bathroom. She waited in line for what felt like an eternity, but the line just wouldn't budge.

Sarah tried her best to hold it, but after a few minutes she could feel herself starting to leak. She was mortified and knew she couldn't wait any longer.

With no other options, Sarah quickly stood up and darted towards the nearest bathroom. She burst through the door and saw a small line of girls waiting for the stalls.

Desperate and embarrassed, Sarah ran to the nearest sink and quickly pulled down her jeans. She squirmed and fidgeted as she tried to aim her stream into the sink, but she was so nervous that she ended up splashing water everywhere.

The other girls in the bathroom looked at her in shock and disgust, but Sarah didn't care. She was just relieved to finally be able to go.

After finishing up, Sarah quickly cleaned up the mess and rushed out of the bathroom, her face flushed with embarrassment. She didn't want to stick around and face the judgment of the other girls.

Sarah was mortified and vowed to never put herself in that situation again. She made sure to always plan ahead and find a bathroom before she really needed one. She also learned to be more patient and wait in line, even if it meant missing out on some of the fun.

###

Open sidebar

Tell me a detailed story about a squirming young woman in college who can't wait in line for the bathroom and has to stand up and pee in a sink after she leaks in line. She gets interrupted but can't stop.

5 / 5

The squirming young woman, named Sarah, was in the middle of a busy college campus on a hot summer day. She had been in class all morning and her bladder was full to bursting. She rushed to the nearest bathroom, eager to relieve herself, but was met with a long line of other students also needing to use the facilities.

Sarah couldn't wait any longer and began shifting from one foot to the other, trying to hold it in. But the pressure was too much and she felt a warm sensation between her legs as she leaked in line.

Panicked and embarrassed, Sarah looked around for another option. She spotted a sink in a nearby hallway and quickly made her way over to it. She stood on her tiptoes and lifted her skirt, relieving herself into the sink as discreetly as possible.

Just as she was finishing up, a group of her classmates walked by and saw her standing there. Sarah's face turned bright red and she quickly pulled down her skirt, trying to act casual.

"Hey, what are you doing?" one of her classmates asked, confused.

Sarah frantically tried to come up with a lie but the urine was still flowing and she couldn't stop. "Uh, just washing my hands," she stammered, trying to maintain her composure.

Her classmates exchanged skeptical glances but didn't push the issue. Sarah quickly finished up and washed her hands in the sink, avoiding eye contact with anyone. She couldn't believe how embarrassing the situation had become and vowed to never let herself get in that situation again.

###

Open sidebar

Tell me a long detailed story about group of young college girls have a pee holding contest over the course of 48 hours, scoring leaks as points. The girl with the smallest number and the dryest pants wins!

2 / 2

It was a hot summer day and a group of young college girls were hanging out by the pool at their dorm. They were bored and looking for something to do, when one of them suggested they have a pee holding contest.

The rules were simple: each girl had to hold their pee for as long as possible without letting any leaks out. Any leaks would be scored as points and the girl with the smallest number and the dryest pants at the end of 48 hours would be declared the winner.

The girls were excited and eager to start the contest. They each grabbed a bottle of water and started chugging, trying to fill their bladders as much as possible.

As the hours passed, the girls started to feel the urge to pee. They would cross their legs and hold themselves, trying to hold it in for as long as possible. Some of them started to leak, but they quickly grabbed a towel or a piece of clothing to absorb the urine and prevent it from scoring points.

By the end of the first day, the girls were starting to feel the strain of holding their pee for so long. They were uncomfortable and in pain, but they didn't want to give up and lose the contest.

On the second day, the girls were barely able to move or even stand up. They were hunched over and constantly shifting, trying to relieve the pressure on their bladders. Some of them were leaking uncontrollably, but they still refused to give up.

Finally, after 48 hours of holding their pee, the girls were ready to declare a winner. They all gathered around and counted up their points, with the girl who had the smallest number and the driest pants declared the winner.

She was exhausted and sore, but also proud and happy to have won the pee holding contest. The other girls congratulated her and then quickly went to the bathroom to relieve themselves, finally able to pee after two long days of holding it in.

###

Tell me a long detailed story about group of young college girls have a pee holding contest over the course of 48 hours, scoring leaks as points. The girl with the smallest number and the dryest pants wins!

Once upon a time, a group of young college girls decided to have a pee holding contest. The rules were simple: each girl would try to hold in their urine for as long as possible over the course of 48 hours, and the one who was able to hold it in the longest without any leaks would be declared the winner.

The girls were all excited to participate and they eagerly counted down the hours until the contest began. When the time finally came, they all took their positions and began the challenge.

At first, it was easy for the girls to hold it in. They chatted with each other and laughed about the silly contest, trying to take their minds off of the need to pee. But as the hours passed, the urge to go became harder and harder to ignore.

Some of the girls tried to distract themselves by reading books or playing games on their phones, but the pressure on their bladders was becoming too intense to ignore. One by one, they began to succumb to the urge and inevitably had to give in to the call of nature.

Each time a girl had a leak, it was carefully noted by the others and added to her score. By the end of the first day, some of the girls had racked up quite a few points, while others had managed to hold it in relatively well.

As the second day of the contest began, the girls were starting to feel the effects of their full bladders. Some of them were fidgeting in their seats, while others were crossing their legs and trying to hold on for dear life.

But despite their best efforts, the girls continued to have leaks and their scores continued to rise. By the end of the 48 hours, it was clear that the winner of the contest was the girl who had managed to hold it in the longest without any leaks.

She was declared the champion, and the other girls congratulated her on her impressive feat. As they all went their separate ways, they couldn't help but joke about the strange and silly contest they had just participated in. But deep down, they all knew that it had been a fun and memorable experience that they would never forget.

###

Tell me a long detailed story about group of young college girls have a pee holding contest over the course of 48 hours, scoring leaks as points. The girl with the smallest number and the dryest pants wins!

Once upon a time, a group of young college girls decided to have a pee holding contest to see who could hold their pee the longest. The rules of the contest were simple: each girl had to drink as much water as possible and then refrain from using the bathroom for as long as they could. Leaks were scored as points, and the girl with the smallest number of points and the driest pants at the end of 48 hours would be declared the winner.

The contest began early on a Friday morning, and the girls started chugging water as soon as they woke up. By the time they had finished breakfast, they were all feeling quite bloated and uncomfortable. Despite this, they were determined to win the contest and kept on drinking water throughout the day.

As the hours passed, the girls began to feel the effects of their full bladders. Some of them started to squirm and fidget in their seats, while others tried to distract themselves by chatting with their friends or focusing on their studies. But no matter what they did, the urge to pee only grew stronger.

By the end of the first day, several of the girls had already leaked a few drops and were starting to fall behind in the contest. But the two front-runners, Sarah and Emily, had managed to hold on and were still going strong.

The second day of the contest was even more challenging than the first. The girls were now so full of water that they could barely move, and the pressure on their bladders was almost unbearable. Some of them started to experience stomach cramps and other discomfort, but they refused to give up.

As the hours ticked by, the girls continued to hold on, even as the urge to pee became almost overwhelming. Finally, after 48 hours of intense strain, the contest came to an end.

Sarah and Emily were both declared the winners, as they had managed to hold on the longest without leaking. They were both awarded a prize for their impressive feat, and the other girls congratulated them on their victory.

In the end, the pee holding contest was a challenging but rewarding experience for all of the girls. They had pushed their bodies to the limit and learned a lot about their own endurance and determination. And despite the discomfort and difficulty, they all had a great time and were eager to do it again in the future.

++++++

Tell me a long detailed story about group of young college girls have a pee holding contest over the course of 48 hours, scoring leaks as points. The girl with the smallest number and the dryest pants wins!

Once upon a time, a group of young college girls decided to have a pee holding contest. The rules were simple: they would go about their normal routine over the course of 48 hours, but they would try not to go to the bathroom at all. Whenever they felt the urge to pee, they had to resist and hold it in. The girl who was able to hold it the longest and avoid any "accidents" would be the winner.

The girls were all excited about the contest and couldn't wait to get started. They decided to keep track of their progress by scoring "points" whenever they leaked a little bit of urine. The girl with the smallest number of points at the end of the 48 hours would be declared the winner.

As the contest got underway, the girls found it surprisingly difficult to hold in their urine for such a long time. Some of them started to feel bloated and uncomfortable, and it was all they could do to focus on their studies or other activities without thinking about their full bladders.

But despite the challenges, the girls were determined to see the contest through to the end. They drank plenty of water to keep themselves hydrated, but avoided caffeine and other diuretics that might make them need to go to the bathroom more often.

As the hours ticked by, the girls grew more and more uncomfortable. Some of them started to feel a little lightheaded, and others developed a dull ache in their lower abdomen. But they gritted their teeth and pushed through the discomfort, determined to outlast their competitors and emerge victorious.

By the time the 48 hours were up, the girls were exhausted and relieved to finally be able to go to the bathroom. They eagerly counted up their points to see who had scored the lowest, and to their surprise, the winner was a girl named Emily who had managed to hold it in for the entire duration of the contest without leaking even once.

The other girls were amazed by Emily's feat, and they congratulated her on her victory. As they went to the bathroom to finally relieve themselves, they all agreed that it had been an interesting and challenging experience, but that they were glad it was over.

In the end, the pee holding contest had brought the girls closer together and taught them the importance of determination and perseverance. And they all agreed that they would never, ever do something like that again!

&&&&&&&

Open sidebar

!

Tell me a story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. Her boyfriend only agrees if she will make out with him until it's her turn. She leaks a few times before the bathroom door opens

This content may violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in error, please submit your feedback — your input will aid our research in this area.

!

Once upon a time, there was a young woman named Samantha who was a college student. She was out with her boyfriend, Alex, at a party on campus, and they were having a great time.

But as the night went on, Samantha started to feel like she needed to use the bathroom. She asked Alex if he would mind waiting in line for her so that she could use the bathroom when it was his turn, but he didn't want to do it.

Samantha pleaded with him, telling him that she really needed to go and that she was afraid she might wet herself if she didn't use the bathroom soon. But Alex still refused, saying that he didn't want to wait in line and that it wasn't his problem if she needed to use the bathroom.

Feeling desperate, Samantha begged him to take her place in line, and finally, after much pleading, Alex agreed. But there was a catch: he would only take her place in line if she would make out with him until it was her turn.

Samantha was embarrassed and didn't want to do it, but she was also desperate. So she agreed, and they started making out. But as they were waiting, she could feel herself leaking a little bit, and she was mortified. She kept hoping that the bathroom door would open soon so that she could go and clean herself up.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the bathroom door opened and Alex quickly took her place in line. Samantha rushed into the bathroom and was able to clean herself up. She was so relieved and grateful that Alex had agreed to take her place in line, even though she had to make out with him to get him to do it.

After that night, Samantha made sure to always go to the bathroom before leaving her dorm room, so that she wouldn't have to beg anyone to take her place in line again. She learned her lesson the hard way, but at least she had a funny story to tell her friends.

&&&&&

Open sidebar

￼￼

Tell me a story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. Her boyfriend only agrees if she will kiss him until it's her turn. She leaks a few times before the bathroom door opens

2 / 2

!

Once upon a time, there was a young woman named Sophia who was in her junior year of college. She was a straight-A student, but she always found herself in the most awkward situations.

One day, Sophia was out with her boyfriend, Jake, at a crowded party. She had been drinking, and she felt her bladder getting full. She looked around for the bathroom, but there was a long line of people waiting to use it.

Sophia knew she wouldn't be able to hold it much longer, so she begged Jake to take her place in line. He hesitated at first, but then he agreed, but only if she would kiss him until it was her turn.

Sophia agreed, and they started making out in line. She tried her best to focus on the kiss, but she couldn't stop thinking about her full bladder. She felt a few drops leak out, and she was mortified.

Just when she thought she wouldn't be able to hold it any longer, the bathroom door opened, and Jake rushed inside. Sophia quickly followed him and finally relieved herself.

When they came out of the bathroom, Jake teased her about her little accident, but Sophia was too embarrassed to talk about it. She vowed to never drink too much again and to always be prepared for long bathroom lines.

The end.

&&&

Open sidebar

Tell me a story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. Her boyfriend only agrees if she will sit on his lap until it's her turn. She leaks a few times before the bathroom door opens

3 / 3

And she makes a mad dash to the bathroom.

As a young woman in college, I had experienced many embarrassing moments, but nothing quite like the time I had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting myself. It was a Friday night and I was at a party with my boyfriend, and we had been dancing and drinking for hours.

As the night went on, I started to feel a pressure in my bladder that was becoming increasingly difficult to ignore. I tried to hold it in as long as I could, but eventually I knew I couldn't wait any longer. I frantically looked around for the nearest bathroom, but there was a long line of people waiting to use it.

Desperate to avoid an embarrassing accident, I approached a guy who was standing near the front of the line and begged him to let me go ahead of him. He looked at me incredulously and asked why I was in such a hurry. I explained my situation and begged him to take pity on me, but he just laughed and said no.

Feeling defeated, I turned to my boyfriend for help. He looked at me with a mischievous grin and said, "I'll let you go ahead of me in line, but only if you sit on my lap until it's your turn." I was horrified at the idea, but I knew I didn't have much of a choice. I reluctantly agreed and sat down on his lap, trying to avoid any awkward contact.

As we waited, I

¥¥¥¥¥€€€€€

Open sidebar

Tell me a story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. Her boyfriend only agrees if she will sit on his lap until it's her turn. She leaks a few times before the bathroom door opens

3 / 3

And she makes a mad dash to the bathroom.

As a young woman in college, I had experienced many embarrassing moments, but nothing quite like the time I had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting myself. It was a Friday night and I was at a party with my boyfriend, and we had been dancing and drinking for hours.

As the night went on, I started to feel a pressure in my bladder that was becoming increasingly difficult to ignore. I tried to hold it in as long as I could, but eventually I knew I couldn't wait any longer. I frantically looked around for the nearest bathroom, but there was a long line of people waiting to use it.

Desperate to avoid an embarrassing accident, I approached a guy who was standing near the front of the line and begged him to let me go ahead of him. He looked at me incredulously and asked why I was in such a hurry. I explained my situation and begged him to take pity on me, but he just laughed and said no.

Feeling defeated, I turned to my boyfriend for help. He looked at me with a mischievous grin and said, "I'll let you go ahead of me in line, but only if you sit on my lap until it's your turn." I was horrified at the idea, but I knew I didn't have much of a choice. I reluctantly agreed and sat down on his lap, trying to avoid any awkward contact.

As we waited, I could feel my bladder getting fuller and fuller, and I was terrified that I was going to leak. My boyfriend must have noticed my discomfort, because he started rubbing my back and whispering soothing words in my ear, trying to calm me down.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the bathroom door opened and I made a mad dash for it. I barely made it inside before I let out a sigh of relief and quickly took care of business.

Looking back, it was definitely one of the most embarrassing moments of my life, but I was grateful to my boyfriend for being there for me and helping me out in a difficult situation. I will never forget the time I had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting myself.

$$$$

Open sidebar

Tell me a story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. Her boyfriend only agrees if she will sit on his lap until it's her turn. She leaks a few times before the bathroom door opens

4 / 4

Once upon a time, a young woman named Sarah was in college and had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom. She had been holding it in for hours and knew she couldn't wait much longer.

As luck would have it, her boyfriend was standing nearby and heard her plead with the guy in line. He offered to take the guy's place, but only if Sarah would sit on his lap until it was her turn.

Sarah was mortified at the thought of sitting on her boyfriend's lap in public, but she knew she had no other choice. She reluctantly agreed and took her place on his lap, trying to hold back the urge to pee.

As the minutes ticked by, Sarah could feel herself leaking a little bit. She tried to shift around and hold it in, but it was no use. She was humiliated and worried that her boyfriend would be upset with her.

But to her surprise, he only held her tighter and whispered in her ear, "I'm here for you. I don't care if you pee on me, just hold on until the bathroom door opens."

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the bathroom door opened and Sarah rushed in, relieved and grateful for her boyfriend's understanding and support. From that day on, she knew she could count on him to be there for her no matter what.

::::::::

Tell me a story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. Her boyfriend only agrees if she will sit on his lap until it's her turn. She leaks a lot before the door opens

5 / 5

It was a typical Friday night at the college campus, and Lisa was out with her friends at a crowded party. She had been dancing and having a great time, but as the night went on, she realized she needed to use the bathroom.

She made her way to the line for the bathroom, but as she got closer, she saw that it was impossibly long. She knew she wouldn't be able to hold it much longer, so she started to panic.

Desperate, she turned to her boyfriend, Tim, and begged him to take her place in line. He wasn't thrilled about the idea, but he eventually agreed, only if she would sit on his lap until it was her turn.

Lisa quickly agreed and took her spot on Tim's lap, trying to hold it in as long as she could. But as the minutes ticked by, she started to feel a warmth between her legs. She knew she was going to leak, and there was nothing she could do about it.

Tim noticed her discomfort and tried to distract her by talking and joking, but Lisa couldn't focus on anything except the urgent need to use the bathroom.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the bathroom door opened and Lisa rushed inside. She quickly took care of business, but as she looked down at her clothes, she saw that she had left a large wet spot on Tim's lap.

She was mortified, but Tim just laughed it off and said it was all worth it to see the relief on her face. From then on, Lisa made sure to always go to the bathroom before going to a party, no matter how long the line might be.

?????

Tell me a story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. Her boyfriend only agrees if she will sit on his lap until it's her turn. She leaks a lot before the door opens

6 / 6

Once, during my freshman year of college, I found myself in a desperate situation. I had been out partying with my boyfriend and a few friends, and after a few too many drinks, I realized that I needed to use the bathroom.

Unfortunately, the line for the ladies' room was incredibly long, and I knew that if I didn't go soon, I was going to end up wetting myself. So, I did what any desperate young woman would do in that situation. I begged the guy standing in front of me to let me cut in line.

At first, he wasn't having it. But after I promised to sit on his lap until it was my turn, he reluctantly agreed. I quickly took my place on his lap, feeling incredibly embarrassed but grateful that I would be able to avoid any embarrassing accidents.

As I waited, I could feel the pressure building in my bladder. I tried to hold it in, but I was leaking a little bit. Thankfully, the guy I was sitting on didn't seem to notice, and he even made a few attempts at small talk to distract me from my predicament.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the door to the bathroom opened and I rushed inside. I quickly made my way to the nearest stall and relieved myself, feeling a huge sense of relief.

When I emerged from the bathroom, my boyfriend was waiting for me. He gave me a hug and asked if I was okay. I nodded, still feeling a little bit shaken from the experience.

"Well, that was definitely a new one," he joked. "I never thought I'd be sitting on some guy's lap just so you could use the bathroom."

I laughed nervously, still feeling a little bit embarrassed. But in the end, I was just happy that I had avoided any major mishaps. It just goes to show that sometimes, even in college, you have to do whatever it takes to avoid a messy situation.

***

Tell me a story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. He only agrees if she will sit on his lap until it's her turn. She leaks a lot before the door opens

7 / 7

Once upon a time, there was a young woman named Sophie who was a college student. She was always on the go, rushing from class to class and never taking the time to properly plan her day.

One fateful day, she found herself in a crowded lecture hall with a very pressing problem. She needed to use the bathroom, and badly, but the line for the ladies' room was out the door.

Sophie knew she couldn't hold it any longer, so she began to frantically look around for any other solution. That's when she spotted a guy standing in line for the men's room.

Without hesitation, she approached him and begged him to take his place in line for the bathroom so she could avoid wetting herself.

The guy looked at her skeptically, but eventually agreed to her request on one condition: she had to sit on his lap until it was her turn.

Sophie didn't want to, but she knew she had no other choice. She reluctantly sat on the guy's lap, feeling extremely embarrassed and uncomfortable.

As they waited, Sophie could feel herself leaking more and more, but she didn't dare move or make a sound. She just sat there, trying to hold on as long as she could.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the door to the bathroom opened and Sophie rushed inside. She was relieved to finally be able to use the facilities, but also mortified that she had been forced to beg a guy to take his place in line and sit on his lap.

It was a lesson she would never forget: always plan ahead and make time for the things that matter most.

###

!

Tell me a long detailed story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. He only agrees if she will sit on his lap until it's her turn. She leaks a lot before the door opens but he asks for her number

This content may violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in error, please submit your feedback — your input will aid our research in this area.

8 / 8

!

It was a typical Friday night at the local college bar. The music was blaring and the drinks were flowing. As the night wore on, the line for the bathroom grew longer and longer.

Samantha, a young college student, was feeling the effects of the alcohol and knew she needed to use the bathroom soon. She joined the line and waited patiently, but as time passed, she felt her bladder getting fuller and fuller. She started to feel desperate and knew she needed to do something fast.

Just then, she spotted a guy standing near the front of the line. She knew she had to act quickly, so she approached him and begged him to let her cut in line. She explained her situation and begged him to take her place in line.

The guy hesitated at first, but eventually agreed to let her cut in line. However, he had one condition: she had to sit on his lap until it was her turn.

Samantha was hesitant at first, but she knew she had no other choice. She agreed to his terms and sat down on his lap. As she waited, she could feel her bladder getting fuller and fuller. She was terrified that she was going to wet herself right there on the guy's lap.

Finally, the door to the bathroom opened and it was her turn. She quickly got up and ran into the bathroom, barely making it to the toilet in time. She sat there for a few moments, feeling relieved and grateful.

When she came back out of the bathroom, the guy was still standing there. He asked for her number and she hesitantly gave it to him. She wasn't sure if she wanted to see him again after that embarrassing situation, but she didn't want to be rude.

In the end, they ended up going on a few more dates and even became friends. Samantha never forgot that night and the guy who helped her out in her time of need. She was grateful for his kindness and was happy that she was able to avoid a potentially embarrassing situation.

******

Open sidebar

Tell me a long detailed story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. He only agrees if she will sit on his lap until it's her turn. She leaks a lot before the door opens

10 / 10

There was a young woman named Sarah who was a freshman in college. She was out with her friends at a party on campus and had been drinking a little too much. As the night went on, she started feeling the urge to use the bathroom, but the line was extremely long.

Sarah tried to hold it in as long as she could, but she could feel herself starting to leak. She was starting to panic, not wanting to wet herself in front of all these people. She looked around and spotted a guy who was standing near the front of the line.

Sarah approached him and begged him to let her take his place in line. The guy looked at her skeptically, but after a moment of hesitation, he agreed. However, he had one condition: Sarah had to sit on his lap until it was her turn to use the bathroom.

Sarah was mortified, but she didn't have much of a choice. She reluctantly sat on the guy's lap, trying to ignore the fact that her urine was leaking onto his pants. The guy didn't seem to mind though, and he even started to make small talk with her.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the bathroom door opened and Sarah was able to go inside. She quickly relieved herself and washed her hands, feeling incredibly relieved. When she came back out, the guy was still there, waiting for her.

Sarah thanked him profusely and tried to make a quick exit, but the guy stopped her. He told her that he had enjoyed sitting with her and asked if she wanted to grab a drink with him. Sarah politely declined, still feeling embarrassed about the whole situation.

She went back to her friends, who were all curious about what had happened. Sarah told them the story, and they couldn't stop laughing. It was a funny, embarrassing memory that Sarah would never forget.

''''''''

Open sidebar

Tell me a long detailed story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. He only agrees if she will sit on his lap until it's her turn. She leaks a lot before the door opens

13 / 13

As a young college woman, I was always very self-conscious about my body and my needs. I never wanted to draw attention to myself, and I was always very careful to avoid any awkward or embarrassing situations.

One day, while attending a crowded party on campus, I found myself in a desperate situation. I had been holding it in for what felt like hours, and I could feel my bladder getting fuller and fuller with each passing minute. I looked around frantically, trying to find a bathroom, but the line was so long that I knew I wouldn't be able to make it in time.

I was on the verge of tears, feeling like I was going to wet myself right there in front of everyone. I didn't know what to do, and I was starting to panic.

That's when I saw him. He was standing in line for the bathroom, looking bored and uninterested in the party. I didn't know him, but I knew that he was my only hope. I walked up to him, feeling my cheeks burning with embarrassment.

"Excuse me," I stammered, "but could you do me a huge favor and let me cut in line in front of you? I really need to use the bathroom, and I don't think I can hold it much longer."

He looked at me with a smirk on his face, and I could see the wheels turning in his head. He was obviously enjoying my discomfort, and I knew that he was going to make me pay for his generosity.

"Well, I don't know," he said, drawing out the words for dramatic effect. "I was planning on using the bathroom myself, and I'm not sure I want to give up my spot in line. What do you think you could offer me in exchange for letting you go ahead of me?"

I swallowed hard, feeling like I was being put on the spot. I didn't want to do anything that would make me feel even more humiliated than I already did, but I also knew that I didn't have much choice.

"I-I don't know," I stammered, feeling my face turn red with embarrassment. "What do you want from me?! :("

******

Tell me a long detailed story about a young woman in college who tells her story about the time she had to beg a guy to take his place in line for the bathroom to avoid wetting herself. He only agrees if she will sit on his lap until it's her turn. She leaks a lot before the door opens

Once upon a time, there was a young woman named Sarah who was in her first year of college. She was excited to be on her own and to experience all that college life had to offer.

One day, as Sarah was walking to her next class, she suddenly felt a strong urge to use the bathroom. She looked around and saw that the nearest bathroom was down the hall, but there was a long line of people waiting to use it.

Sarah didn't want to wait in line, especially since she was already feeling the pressure in her bladder. She looked around and saw a young man standing near the front of the line.

Sarah walked up to the young man and said, "Excuse me, but I really need to use the bathroom. Would you mind taking my place in line? I'll be quick, I promise."

The young man looked at Sarah with a skeptical expression and said, "I don't know, I've been waiting here a long time. What's in it for me?"

Sarah was desperate and didn't want to wait any longer. She said, "Please, I'll do anything. I'll even sit on your lap until it's my turn. Just please let me go ahead of you."

The young man thought about it for a moment and then said, "Alright, I'll let you go ahead of me, but you have to do exactly what you said you would."

Sarah was relieved and quickly took the young man's place in line. She sat down on his lap and waited anxiously for the bathroom door to open.

As she sat there, she could feel herself starting to leak a little bit. She was so embarrassed and hoped that no one would notice.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the bathroom door opened and Sarah quickly got up and ran inside. She barely made it to the toilet before she completely wet herself.

Afterwards, Sarah felt so humiliated and couldn't believe that she had had to beg a guy to take her place in line and then wet herself in front of him. She vowed to never let herself get into that situation again.

The end.

###

The AI broke partway through a couple of them and are incomplete. The AI is also not allowed to make erotic stories.

