My first fiction - Page 9

*200*2019-02-27 18:24

{{1 hour ago, johnah said:

Loving this!

}}

Thank you. Keeping it interesting lol

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

Sarah is getting kinky now

}}

Very much so! Her true colours are coming out now

*202*2019-02-27 19:50

{{20 minutes ago, Wombat48 said:

This just got even more fun!!

}}

Thank you

*204*2019-02-28 14:51

Downstairs, alone, Sarah wondered for a moment if she was doing the right thing. She hadn’t planned this, a sudden impulsive thought had just come over her and her mind had listened and acted. She couldn’t stop thinking about Will, upstairs naked and handcuffed to the bed with a very full bladder as she filled the kettle and waited for it to boil. She occupied herself by filling the dryer with the wet clothes she had washed the night before enjoying the sight of Will’s trousers and boxers and remembering all that had happened the night before. She’d never wanted a man more than she wanted Will right now.

Sarah put Will’s mobile in her back jeans pocket and carried the mugs of hot drinks upstairs. She laughed as she saw Will now kneeling on the bed with both hands cuffed to the headboard. She hadn’t thought how he would drink his coffee without the use of his hands and this amused her. For a trained professional she was rather too impulsive for her own good at times.

‘You ok Will?’

‘Yip. All fine here. Well, except for the minor point of me needing a pee and not being able to go but apart from that minor issue I’m great thanks.’

Sarah smiled contentedly hearing the fun and jest in Will’s voice. Still she felt she needed to ask as she sat on the edge of the bed beside Will and enjoyed touching his body.

‘You ok about being handcuffed?’

‘Been a dream of mine for years. How did you know? Honestly my only worry is pissing your bed. I don’t want to do that. But otherwise honey you do what you want. That coffee smell amazing by the way!’

Sarah stroked Will’s full bladder and leaned over to kiss him. She had stuff to do later today but right now she wanted nothing more than to watch as Will became more and more desperate to pee with her having full control over when he got to go.

Will loved the feel of Sarah’s hands on his bladder. She could touch him anywhere he liked at any time as far as he was concerned. Her hair fell over his chest and he could feel the dampness where she hadn’t finished drying it previously. Sarah’s hair mesmerised him; it’s colour, texture, smell and the way it tickled his skin. Sarah knew exactly how to manage him and he was happy to be under her control. The lure of the coffee was getting to him though.

‘Sarah, any chance I could have some of that coffee. I could so go a drink babe’

Sarah had been sipping her tea and touching Will from his feet to his beard all the while forgetting he couldn’t manage his own coffee without her help. She placed her own tea down and picked up Will’s coffee, holding it close to his lips and tipping the mug very slightly.

‘That ok?’

‘Mmmmm. Perfect. A little more please.’

Will loved his morning coffee. Every since his first ever cup aged 16 he had fallen in love with the golden nectar that was known as coffee beans. Of course usually he had the liberty to wake up, shower and use the bathroom before enjoying it fully. Usually he had his hands free to drink it himself. Usually he wasn’t handcuffed to a beautiful woman’s bed either. He wasn’t complaining though.

Sarah continued to tip the mug slightly more each time until Will’s mug was empty. She was so excited to see how this might affect his bladder shortly. The last time he had pissed was outside the cinema last night, hunched down in front of her car in a car park with Sarah holding his penis. Sarah had long since had her first wee an hour ago now so she could only imagine how desperate Will might be getting soon.

‘So I hadn’t really planned this Will. I mean I just had a sudden crazy thought but you know what, seeing you like this has got me thinking. You know when we first met and you couldn’t pee anywhere except your own apartment and despite being absolutely desperate to go at my office you just couldn’t relax? Well you have came such a long way since then. I’m so proud of you.’

Sarah interrupted her monologue to kiss Will deeply for a minute or two. Will was so turned on and eager and his body responded accordingly. He longed to put his arms around Sarah but used his tongue and body to show that instead. Sarah pulled away slowly and carried on.

‘Remember I encouraged you to take a photograph of your toilet at home? I know that has helped you. You have even found the bathrooms at work after holding your bladder for sox years. God that’s absolutely huge Will. You know that? We’ve talked about your trigger to your trauma and worked through that. I hope you know that I want to support you and help you. I was just thinking the next logical step is working on you trusting others with your bladder. At school you were so badly let down that day. You didn’t trust the teacher to know that you hadn’t actually managed to relax enough to pee so you ended up wetting yourself. 

You have never asked anyone to use their bathroom since either have you? So I want to help you. You can practice asking me this morning to go. Learn to trust me. I won’t say yes right away honey but that’s because I need you to try and trust me. Do you think you can do that? Can you trust me to know when you really genuinely can’t wait any longer? After all I don’t want my bed wet do I? This is a test for me too by the way. I need to stay tuned into you, stay observant, be able to read your body. I’m hoping I know you well enough for this so I don’t fail. If anything goes wrong it’s me to blame not you. What do you reckon?

Will found the constant stream of questioning a bit overwhelming really. He was trying to remember the first question he was meant to answer but all he could think about was firstly how much he suddenly needed to pee ,and secondly how sweet and compassionate Sarah was. Part of him could easily start peeing right now as his penis was becoming less and less rigid and more prepared to release urine. Will wanted to please Sarah so badly though and he knew he did need to learn to trust her more. But could she really judge how desperate he was?

‘Mmmm. Sarah, please can I use your bathroom now?’

Sarah laughed. Not mockingly or nastily but lovingly and sexily.

‘Soon sweetheart. You can hold for longer yet. Let’s keep talking. I’ve been wondering. Did you ever use the toilets in previous jobs?’

Will fidgeted the best he could given the restrictions of his cuffed hands. He did need the toilet pretty badly but Sarah was right, he could hold for a little bit yet. Besides it was nice to actually get time to talk to Sarah alone. He just hoped she would release him soon though as it wasn’t easy to think when his bladder was so full.

*206*2019-02-28 22:06

‘I’ve honestly never peed anywhere else other than in my own toilet since I was ten honey. Before I worked at software solutions I worked for another software company and they didn’t want to pay office prices so I worked from home. I was working for them when I bought my apartment. I’ve been 8 and a half years in that apartment, would you believe. I bought it brand new. I was just 21 when I bought it and I had been working less than a year. Thankfully those where the days when getting a mortgage was much easier. Prior to that I was at university studying computer science and I lived at home and worked part time at weekends. Before you ask I never used the toilets there either. After I left school at ten I was home educated and my parents paid for a tutor. Please could I em...pee now. I really need to babe.’

Sarah was enjoying hearing so much more about Will. He intrigued her on so many levels. Mostly she was enjoying him squirming about naked on the bed as his bladder filled more and more and his need for release continued to increase.

‘You’re ok just now Will. You’ll get to go soon. So you must have been desperate to pee loads since you only ever went at your parents or your own apartment. You know I think that shows absolutely amazing control. To be able to drink and go about your day and be absolutely unable to use a toilet away from home even when you really wanted to. You said before you never had any accidents either. That’s heroic honey. But tell me, you must have had some really close calls? I mean even since we’ve met you’ve been very very close to losing it but it only happened once. I’m in awe of that. Tell me about some other times then I can let you go.’

The absolute last thing Will wanted to talk about was anything bathroom related. His bladder was hard and full, his penis twitching, his legs bouncing.

Will grimaced and bounced on his knees longing for release. His last piss felt like an eternity ago. He was secretly enjoying himself and horny as anything but his body refused to show it as all he could do was squirm like crazy to avoid leaking on Sarah’s bed.

‘Oh. Can I piss first babe? I’m bursting to go here. I promise to tell you about them after I use the toilet. Can I?’

Sarah rubbed her hand over Will’s distended bladder and squeezed his penis closed.

‘Does that help babe?’

‘Mmmm. But I still need to go so bad.’

‘You’re ok Will. You hold all day at work. All day! That’s over 8 hours. You held all day at university. And if you go out. Remember the day you held all day at work then came to me for counselling and you still didn’t wet yourself? You’re fine Will honestly. So how about you tell me about a time you really had to go and I’ll help you hold? Deal?’

‘Mmmmm. Ok. Maybe get a towel though?’

‘You’re not that desperate babe. Honestly I can tell. If I think you need one I’ll get one. Now if you really want to use my bathroom then I suggest you tell me that story.’

Sarah had never been forceful with anyone. Truthfully if Will hasn’t been smiling and winking at her she would probably have released him ages ago. She could not deny though that seeing him like this and hearing him beg for the bathroom was one of the hottest things she had ever seen. The hormones flowing through her were making her hot so she slipped her dark grey top off to reveal a sexy pink lacy bra. Will’s eyes almost popped out of his head.

‘Mmmmm’

‘So was it at university? Or on your weekend job? Or before that when you had the tutor at home? Your call Will.’

‘You’re making it hard to think honey. Besides I really really need the loo. Ok. How about this time. I was about 11 or 12 and out of school. At first when I refused to go back there was loads of people pressuring my mum. She then turned that onto me. Then my dad would lecture me and so on but I stood my ground. I couldn’t ever face that school again. I knew I would get bullied and I think deep down my parents did too. I think they must have found out what happened eventually but after my mum trying to teach me, which was a disaster because my mum can’t ever cope without her career. She at least told me one day that I had saved her hundreds on child minder fees. God Sarah, can I pee yet?’

‘Nope. Keep going.’

Sarah undid her bra and caressed her nipples between her fingers, licking her fingers and rubbing her nipples until they enlarged and grew right in from of Will.

‘Ohhhhh. Ahhhhhh. Oft I really have to piss bad babe. Yeah where was I? So yeah I wasn’t your typical pre-teen or anything. I wanted to learn and signed myself up for online stuff. Once they saw I was serious my dad paid for a tutor. Oh man I can’t get comfortable. Anyway the tutor came for six hours a day. I refused to piss if anyone was in the house other than my parents. Oh I was so glad they were not social people. Sarah, can I go? I’m really desperate.’

Sarah could see Will was squirming badly and struggling to concentrate. His coffee would easily have made its way to his bladder now so she kissed Will on the lips and leaned behind the headboard with the key ready to open it.

Then she stood on the bed, her bottom in Will’s face as she pulled off her jeans and tossed them on the floor and returned to sitting on the bed close to Will now with just pink lace knickers and her socks on and having not undone the handcuffs at all!

*209*2019-03-02 20:29

‘Keep going Will. I’m enjoying this very much. So you had a tutor coming six hours a day and you couldn’t pee when they were in? So sounds like that must have been rather interesting. Carry on. You have my full attention. Do I have yours?’

Will wished with every fibre of his being that he could get hard. He was horny, very horny, and seeing Sarah sitting beside him with just her knickers and socks on was the stuff of his dreams but oh he ached to empty his bladder so badly. Without the ability to hold his penis holding was so much harder, but in some ways so much fun too. Will controlled everything in his life and handing control of a basic bodily need to anyone was something he never dreamt he would be able to do. He put his legs out in front of himself and sat back with his legs tightly crossed using his thighs to squeeze his throbbing manhood. He figured the sooner he ended his story the sooner Sarah might release him. It was his only chance.

‘Yes. Yes exactly that babe. The tutor did get a lunch break but that was spent playing games,, talking and eating and I could never admit I wanted a break for the bathroom. By 4pm I was often shaking with an overwhelming urgent need to piss. So that’s it really. So can I go now? I mean you don’t want me wetting your bed and believe me it’s about to happen.’

Suddenly a wave of urgency came over Will and he leaned forward as best he could and pulled his knees up to his chest, his face tense and tight.

‘I can’t hold this. I can’t. Shit shit shit. It’s coming. I’m sorry.’

Sarah sat stroking herself through her knickers, acutely aware they were filling with mucus. She moved towards Will pulling her knickers off with one hand while grabbing and squeezing Will’s penis with the other.

‘Will you’re ok. Trust me. If I think you’re at the end I’ll release you. Promise.’

Will grimaced and begged through clenched teeth.

‘Sarah, I beg you. I seriously can’t hold this any more. I don’t want to fucking piss...I absolutely HAVE to fucking piss NOW. Please please please can I go? What do you want? Money? Sex? God you can even have the keys to my flat just LET ME PEE NOW’

Will was so consumed with holding back the ocean in his bladder he barely noticed Sarah playing frantically with herself, softly moaning as she watched and listened to Will.

‘I can’t stop...sorry I can’t stop Will. I’m so close it hurts babe. Oh dear I’m so close. So wickedly close.’

Will finally noticed what Sarah was doing but taking his mind off his own struggle, even for a fraction of a second, cause a spurt of hot pee to arc from his penis as urine ran down his inner thigh and leg.

‘And I can’t fucking stop either! Ohhhhh. Ahhhhhh. I can’t wet your bed. I can’t. Stop you stupid penis. Stop now. Sarah tell me you have protection? I...I.....can’t hold this. I’m losing it. I’m losing it. I’ve got to, i can’t not, it’s out my control. I’m on the edge now. Ohhhhh. Mmmmmm. Ahhhhhhh. Fucking hell I just can’t....’

Sarah continued to satisfy herself with one hand while reaching over for her empty mug from her earlier tea as she pushed Wills trembling leaking penis into the mug one handed, her other hand inside her knickers squelching away.

It took Will a second to realise what was happening as he allowed a spurt to pour into the mug, hearing it splatter against the sides as he heard Sarah moan as she shook, her body simultaneously on another cliff edge sexually while Will was on his physically. Will watched Sarah, allowing his concentration to wander to her body and her noises as a loud steady stream released right as Sarah took herself to her own climax shaking the bed as she did so.

It took every ounce of self control Will possessed to stop midstream as he felt the mug overflow as warm urine reached half way up his shaft. He had no choice but to pull Sarah out of her post climax status urgently.

‘Sarah, I’ve still got more. The mug is full. Help.’

Sarah pulled her hand out of her underwear, her fingers pulling stretchy mucus as they pulled away. She squiggly out the full mug of warm piss on the table beside her bed then ran around to Will’s side where she picked up his empty coffee mug and using her wet mucus covered hand she stroked Will’s penis gently with one hand while she held the mug with the other.

Will needed no encouragement to release the rest of his full bladder as he sighed contently finally allowing his body what it had been craving so long. As one need subsided another arose though as Will’s body began yearning for release of another kind. Still padlocked to the headboard that too rested solely in the hands of someone else.

Only Sarah could give him what he wanted and needed so badly.

*211*2019-03-02 21:57

{{1 hour ago, Batman007 said:

That was so good can’t wait for more.

}}

Thank you

*218*2019-03-03 18:01

Thank all. More to come tonight so appreciate you all reading and taking time to comment.

*219*2019-03-03 23:34

With the mugs of urine safely on the bedside unit Sarah kissed Will intensely with him still padlocked to the bed. She only broke away when she heard her phone ring and she leaned over to see it was her mum’s nursing home.

‘Sorry Will I need to take this.’

Sarah clicked ‘answer’ and put the phone to her ear whilst simultaneously unlocking the padlocks on Wills’s wrists. Will could see Sarah was busy so despite being very aroused he headed for a shower hoping his clothes from yesterday would finally be dry by the time he came out.

Will so longed to play with himself in the shower. He could easily bring himself off after all that had just happened but whatever Sarah was now talking about, or whoever to, had clearly changed the atmosphere and even Will realised that it was time to get on with the day and think about heading home. Suddenly his stress levels increased as he caught sight of the bathroom clock and saw that it was almost 11:30am and he hadn’t even had breakfast or even started his Saturday list of chores he did every Saturday religiously. Will’s nerves were so high he never even noticed that Sarah had bought male shower gel for him. He washed and dried quickly and ran downstairs and fetched his clothes from the dryer, putting them on still warm.

Sarah always hated hearing from the home. She was an only child and her dad had left when she was a teenager leaving her alone with her older mum. It had broken her to have to admit defeat when a social worker suggested a nursing home for her mum only two years ago but Sarah knew it was this very decision that had enabled her to sustain her own business. She was still recovering financially from years of caring for her mum. Her extreme happiness and fun from moments ago was now replaced by tears as the home expressed growing concerns about her mum’s alertness and awareness as she had once again called her regular carer by Sarah’s name rather than Patsy. The last thing Sarah wanted was for Will to know any of this so she hoped to take him home as soon as possible before heading immediately to her mum’s home.

Will found himself downstairs alone, anxious, worried about Sarah, but suddenly feeling very helpless and vulnerable. His own phone was upstairs and he didn’t want to disturb Sarah to get it and call a taxi and he didn’t feel it right to leave without at least saying goodbye to Sarah. He decided the best thing he could do was make her a mug of tea. He filled the kettle and turned it on just as Sarah came into the kitchen, having clearly been crying.

‘Hi, Sorry hope you don’t mind. I put the kettle on to make you a tea. I thought you might want one?’

Sarah pulled a tissue from a small box that sat on a ledge near the windowsill and wiped her face.

‘Yes thanks. I should really eat soon too as I’m afraid I need to drop you home soon as I need to go out.’

‘Sarah I can call a taxi. Honestly. I’ll just go get my phone now.’

Will bounded up the stairs two at a time and came back with his phone in seconds.

‘I’ll just google a number then I’ll get away.’

Sarah ran over and took the phone out of Will’s hand and cuddled in as she sobbed.

‘Please don’t go yet Will.’

‘Oh. Of course if you don’t want me to. Let’s make that tea. It always helped when my mum was sick...’

Will had no idea what he had said but he immediately wished he could take it back. He hated how he couldn’t read people sometimes. He’d stick to making the tea. He could surely get that right?

Over a mug of tea and coffee for Will, Sarah told Will how her mother was in a nursing home and how she needed to go see her as she was slowly losing her memory and staff were concerned. She just needed to get a quick lunch then she would drop Will home and head to the home.

Will felt so uncomfortable seeing Sarah upset. She was always the confident, bold one against his extreme anxiety but the tables were turned and Will paused and thought before coming up with a ‘let me fix this’ plan, as he always did at work.

‘Sarah I don’t like you sad. I’m worried. Can I take you for a quick lunch, say McDonald’s, and then be with you when you see your mum? That’s if you want me to? I could wait in the car if you prefer? I want to help.’

Sarah knew how hard this was for Will. She thought about his chore list he had for Saturdays and how last weekend he proudly showed her it. She knew giving up his precious routine and even suggesting going somewhere new was huge for him. She knew how much he would find McDonald’s on a weekend lunch time incredibly difficult yet here he was suggesting all these things just to try and make her happy again. Sarah finished her tea and kissed Will on the cheek.

‘Thank you. I would really like that. A lot.’

Will gathered his stuff together and waited for Sarah as she quickly grabbed her phone, hand bag and coat. As they sat in the car and belted up Sarah thoughtfully suggested the drive through and Will noticeably relaxed.

Less than ten minutes later they were in the queue where they both ordered a large meal and Sarah added on two bottles of water, telling Will as they sat in the car park eating that the home was always much warmer than an average house and they would need water to stay hydrated. Between a mouthful of fries Will asked quietly,

‘So do you want me to come in?’

‘I was thinking if you feel up to it yes?’

‘I think I can do this.’

As she finished the last of her large sprite Sarah simply replied.

‘Thank you.’

*221*2019-03-06 00:28

Sarah gathered the rubbish from their meal and hopped out the car to dispose of it, remembering vividly how she had done the exact same thing a week ago and how she had then had a very delightful time at Will’s apartment which had started by them both being desperate to pee and peeing simultaneously in Will’s toilet with Sarah on the toilet with her legs open and Will peeing between her legs. The memory made her so happy she wished they were about to repeat that rather than visit her mum. She wasn’t desperate or anything but it did occur to her that she should probably use the ladies at the nursing home when she arrived.

Sarah climbed back into the car and started the engine, turning on the radio for company routinely despite actually having company for once. Will didn’t seem to object as Sarah noticed him slightly dosing as she drove the ten miles to her mum’s home on duel carriageways, through roundabouts and through high streets full of Saturday shoppers. This wasn’t how Sarah had planned her Saturday though she did always try and visit mum at least once on the weekend. She soon pulled into the familiar gate, with the flower and sunshine logo outside and parked in a visitor space. Will seemed quiet so Sarah smiled at him and reached out to touch his hand.

‘Do you still want to come in? I’d love you to meet my mum. She might call you ten different names though and ask the same question lots. Are you ok with that?’

Will smiled, thinking that it wasn’t long ago he himself could have done similar due to his level of anxiety and difficulties processing social conversations. He still struggled to remember people’s names even now.

Will wasn’t sure if he was physically tired or nervous so he was delighted to have the chance to zone out for a bit while Sarah put the radio on. It was strange not hearing the sat nav voice as the car moved as regardless where he went he always liked his sat nav on. The voice was so reassuring to him. His mind drifted to all the shared experiences he had so far had with Sarah and he not only felt a stirring in his trousers but his heart was racing with fondness for Sarah too. This seemed right somehow. When he was with Sarah everything was alright.

Now Sarah was asking him if he wanted to come in. He wanted to be with Sarah and he wanted to make sure she was ok so that was easy.

‘Yes. I want to be with you. Let’s do this together.’

Sarah held Will’s hand as they walked to the front door and buzzed for entry. As was common at certain times of day it took a while before anyone answered. The cold air sent a chill through Sarah and she found herself shifting from one leg to another.

‘I’d better pop to the loo when I get in Will before we see mum. I’ll just be a minute.’

Finally the buzzer was answered by a harassed and overworked member of staff who issued them both with visitor passes and signed them in.

‘Welcome to Wilson Home for the elderly. Who are you here to see please?’

‘I’m Sarah Henderson, daughter to Barbara Henderson. This is my....friend Will Highland. Thanks’

‘Oh of course. Apologies. It’s been a long shift and we are short staffed...again. I’ll take you to Barbara now.

Before Sarah could even find or use the ladies they wee both walking briskly behind Lydia who took them to a conservatory area where Sarah’s mum was sitting watching TV with a carer. The carer saw them coming and stood to greet them.

‘Oh Sarah, so good of you to come. I’m Patsy, your mum’s named carer and it was myself who asked them to call you. Sorry to disturb your weekend but I thought you should know how your mum is doing. She’s happy in herself, don’t worry about that, but she’s definitely not as alert as before and her memory is drifting. All last week she read my name and called me Patsy but yesterday and today she just keeps calling me Sarah. I thought maybe she just needed to see you? I’ll leave you here for a while and I’ll go change her bedsheets and freshen up her room. I’ll pop back with some tea soon.’

Will looked on the frail but well dressed and groomed lady before him and he immediately relaxed. Will wasn’t a people person at all but there was something about the innocence, frailty and smile on Barbara that made him feel at ease right away. He could see so much of Sarah in her mum and while Sarah and her mum’s carer spoke he sat beside the old lady and held her hand on his leg. No words, no introductions even, Will totally unsure what he should even say, so he just touched the lady gently and immediately connected. He looked up to see Sarah was moving around a bit and he suddenly recalled the fact she hadn’t used the ladies yet.

She’d probably go soon.

Patsy left and Sarah sat the other side of her mum having first kissed her cheek and said good afternoon.

‘Mum, this is my friend Will. I hope you don’t mind him coming to see you. How are you doing?’

‘I’m watching something Pam. Can you not see that. Are we having dinner tonight or not or I have to cook it myself again?’

Will wanted to laugh but instead sadness enveloped him. Sarah was welling up and she looked so lonely, down and rejected hearing her mum call her by another name. She sat crossed legged, her head down, her eyes looking at the carpet and Will just wanted to hold her and make everything better. He couldn’t help trying to fix things. He spoke quietly and gently.

‘Barbara, look again. Come here. Feel the hair, look at the sparking auburn colour. Listen to the tender voice. Feel her cheek. It’s Sarah your daughter.’

Will guided Barbara’s bent fingers through Sarah’s hair and onto her cheek and slowly turned her face to face her daughter.

‘Sarah? Sarah! Oh Sarah you’re here sweetheart. Let me hug you.’

Sarah moved towards her mum throwing her arms around her with tears running freely down her face.

Will had a way of fixing things. She didn’t know how but she knew she needed him. She could use a loo but right now her mum had just remembered who she was and she wasn’t going to leave her for such a trivial thing when she’d longed for this moment for so long. She’d just go later, maybe on the way out perhaps. Not now. Now she just wanted to be with her mum.

*223*2019-03-06 10:36

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was fantastic I really liked that

}}

Thank you. I love how much you encourage all the writers on here so much and that’s you read so many stories. Your comments are a huge encouragement to me.

