My first fiction - Page 8

Author: Mbgpeelover

*175*2019-02-19 20:10

{{3 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Will they make it through the movie find out in the next episode folks

}}

Hope i’m Not spinning it out too long for you 😉

{{1 hour ago, Wombat48 said:

Wonder what will happen next??? 🙂

}}

You need to stay tuned lol

*180*2019-02-19 22:11

{{2 minutes ago, stinklerus said:

It's never too long, in fact it isn't long enough! Keep it going!

}}

Plenty more still to come

*181*2019-02-20 00:03

It was amazing how much a person could eat and drink unintentionally, Sarah thought as her hands occupied themselves by slipping into the popcorn and raising her juice to her mouth continually. It was almost subconscious and the therapists in her did wonder how many people around her were using the cinema as escapism as much as entertainment. Thankfully as the film gathered pace her mind eventually focussed on the storyline and she laughed and smiled along like everyone else, caught up in nothing more than the screen in front of her, almost forgetting even that Will was right beside her.

Will was struggling to get into the film at first, wishing instead he was alone with Sarah doing something else but as time went on he relaxed more and sipped at his soda which he was sure was very overpriced and definitely not branded. He could taste the difference and added ice usually meant for him that unless he drank it fairly quickly his drink would taste too mild and diluted as the ice melted. He wasn’t overly thirsty, having had two pints of beer with his meal, but the idea of diluted watered down cheap cola didn’t appeal so while it was clearly a cheap alternative it would be a lot worse if his ice melted. For that reason he drank most of it in the first half hour of the film, something which he knew he might later regret.

As a loud, slightly scary, part happened I the film Sarah found herself automatically crossing her legs. She realised, finally, that she really should have went to the ladies before the film started but now sat in the centre of a full row of strangers she felt embarrassed to move. She reasoned her need would soon subside so switched back to film mode and tried to ignore her body’s desires, all while sipping her soda now and again without any thought to the fact this may make things worse.

Will shifted on his seat a bit as he felt suddenly uncomfortable and distracted. His stomach was bloated as he rubbed his hand over it and felt his distended bladder. He rubbed it gently hoping that it would magically disappear as he crossed his ankles and tapped the top of his leg. Had he been at home he may have paused the film at this point for a much needed pee break but as this wasn’t possible he tried ignoring his growing need to switch back to the film. The theatre was dark, lit only by the screen in front and small exit signs above the doors at the rear but Will could make out the outline of Sarah beside him and he smiled to himself as he thought of her. He wasn’t too deeply into the film yet and he sort of wished he could take Sarah’s hand and whisk her away alone. He reached over to feel for Sarah’s hand which she took happily. He would whisk her via the toilets first if he could though. He would feel much more comfortable then.

Sarah’s bladder was starting to niggle at her more. She changed position and tied to ignore it but the pounding and tingling between her legs wasn’t for disappearing and Sarah was getting annoyed. Will had paid good money for them to watch this film and she was enjoying it and besides she reckoned she’d have to disturb around 10 plus strangers just to get out from the middle of the row. She would need to try and wait.

Will shifted in his seat again. The film seemed to be going so slowly and his bladder was filling all too fast. The only saving grace was the lack of lightening which meant he could cross his legs at the knee and slip his free hand lightly between them leaning very lightly on his member to help subside his feelings of needing release. That seemed to help but then another wave would come and Will found himself having to change position again and cross his legs the opposite way.

His need was increasing fast and he wasn’t comfortable about that fact one bit. If only he was at home where he could take a break, or even sat at the end of a row where nipping out was simple. Will was terrified of strangers and could never find himself putting them out or inconveniencing them at all. He had a rummage in his coat pocket and glanced at his mobile phone for the time disappointed to see the film wasn’t even half way through yet. Will leaned to the side and slid his hand between his crossed legs and trying to find a comfortable position but nothing was taking away the throb he was feeling down below.

Another wave hit Sarah quite unexpectedly as she laughed at something in the film. She pushed her bottom as far back onto the seat as possible and leaned forward, almost looking like she was going to vomit. She hadn’t meant it to draw attention to herself so when the stranger to her left asked if she was feeling ok she flushed red and apologised saying she’d just slid on her chair a bit before straightening up again and trying to find a more appropriate position. She tried leaning with her back slightly to the stranger and placed her hand on the top of her leg. Will seemed to see this as an invite to snuggle in and placed his arm around her which Sarah welcomed despite feeling quite a need to pee. She wished she had leggings on though, or any trousers really, rather than the dress skirt she had worn to work that day which really restricted her movements right now.

Will saw Sarah lean forward and felt concerned. He was about to ask if she was ok when he heard someone else ask and Sarah turn towards him so he drew her close by placing his arm around her and leaning towards her. He really wanted to take her and leave though as his bladder ached to pee and he began to wonder if perhaps Sarah’s did too. Will was starting to get nervous now as time moved on. His bladder was filling and filling still and he was now bouncing his leg continually trying to keep his penis from leaking. He really did need to piss rather badly and the film wasn’t even half way through. He noticed Sarah shift again in her seat and cross her legs with a hand between them. The idea of Sarah bursting again was an enormous turn on but Will’s penis only wanted one thing right now: to piss.

Sarah was getting more and more convinced she would need to somehow get to the ladies soon. She was bursting and unable to sit still at all. As the film quietened down she leaned over to Will and whispered to him.

‘I really really need the bathroom.’

‘Me too. So badly.’

Sarah gently moved Will’s arm from behind her and slid his hand that had been playing with her hair between her legs as much as she could through the top of her skirt. Will responded by taking Sarah’s hand and pressing it firmly over his crotch.

If either so much as leaked the other would be the first to know, and feel it.

*184*2019-02-21 00:05

Sarah had never been so grateful to be in a dark theatre, thought for extra privacy she pulled her coat over her legs to cover the fact Will’s hand was pushing down on her skirt between her legs. Unfortunately the skirt wasn’t as loose fitting as Sarah would have liked so even with Will pushing between her legs he still wasn’t quite able to push deep enough to really touch her crotch and have much effect, unlike the fact that Will had thinner, and Sarah recalled much lighter in colour, smart trousers on and Sarah was able to feel the entire outline of Will’s penis. The other advantage she had was therefore the ability to stroke Will enough to help ease his desire to pee by turning him on. Will didn’t seem to be objecting to this fact.

The volume of liquid Will had consumed since last emptying his bladder was getting too much for him. Whilst having a full bladder did arouse him and was often the precursor to many private sessions in the privacy of his own home he was finding it very difficult to feel any sexual desire from his need due to the knowledge he was so close to strangers and in a public place. He felt Sarah pull her coat over his hand and arm to conceal what he was doing to her but he just didn’t feel he could move to offer the same privacy to Sarah. His hand over his penis was the only thing stopping him bursting and he was too afraid of moving and causing a scene with a huge flood. Besides Sarah had a magic way when she touched him and he could feel his penis responding despite his bladders attempts to overrule it. Watching the film was pretty futile now but he continued to try, at least to pretend to the others around him that nothing out of the ordinary was going on.

Sarah couldn’t help but bounce her leg even though this meant bouncing off of Will’s arm and once again restricting him getting to the very place she needed his hand. Her pussy was wet and open and screaming for release. The tingling and almost prodding sensation was so strong Sarah wasn’t sure wether she would suddenly erupt in the next minute or so. All she knew was she really needed to think about finding a bathroom and soon. She learned towards Will as she faced the film screen as if nothing was amiss.

‘Will, I’m bursting.’

‘I know. Me too babe.’

Sarah paused, hoping Will might have suggested trying to get out and find the lavatories but instead he rose his hand to feel Sarah’s distended hard bladder and rub it gently. As he did so he suddenly moved his legs as Sarah’s hand felt his willy become a bit harder and more prominent. She’d felt him much harder before but he was clearly enjoying knowing how bursting Sarah really was. Only a few hours ago Sarah had been acutely aware that her public desperation in the pub next door had turned Will on like crazy. She couldn’t resist running her fingers gently along the outline of Will’s apparatus whilst simultaneously squeezing her own thighs tightly closed. Sarah slid her other hand behind her back and unclipped and unzipped her skirt enough to allow her waistband to loosen. 

As privately as she could she then let go of Will’s trousers and with her coat still covering herself she pulled her skirt up so that her underwear was touching the seat through her thin tights, and had the coat not covered her, everyone would have seen her skirt hitched up around her waist. Sarah decided she would worry about going out when the time came but for now she needed to do everything in her power to prevent herself having a full on accident. Now with access to her crotch more available she slid one of Will’s hands right under the coat, between her shaven legs and tight against the crotch of her flesh tights and pants. The more she felt Will’s touch the more she wanted to give him full access to her body wherever he wanted.

Will was super excited to get better access to Sarah’s crotch as his penis twitched in delight. The twitch wasn’t just from sexual need though as Will could feel his bladder overspilling into his urethra and despite Sarah’s hand gently touching him he had to grab the top of his apparatus and pinch it.

He leaned towards Sarah and whispered:

‘I’m dying to piss honey,’

‘Me too sweetheart.’

Will could feel every wiggle, every throb that Sarah was making. Her body was throbbing, pushing, vibrating and lapping against his hand. Will wanted to feel it stronger, deeper, wetter. He closed his eyes and imagined his penis inside Sarah as she writhed in desperation and moaned in need. How he longed to fuck her in this state and have her orgasm and leak warm piss over his throbbing hard penis while they made love. His toes curled, is tongue licked his lips and forgetting for a moment where he was he moaned with pleasure. He could feel his dick pushing strongly against his trousers yearning for freedom to both piss and ejaculate. Will could feel liquid rising to the very tip of his penis as he grabbed it and then pulled Sarah’s hand to feel the damp patch created.

Sarah’s own body was so aroused, so longing, so desperate. Her high heel shoes were tapping rhythmically against the carpet of the theatre as she slipped her shoes off and pushed her feet against the chair in front as she pushed her crotch back against the chair as much as she could then slid forward again rocking back and forth. Will could feel wetness on his hand even through her nylon thin tights and knickers. He dared to press a little harder with his entire hand as Sarah pushed against him even more.

Panting and a bit out of breath Sarah whispered to Will again.

‘I can’t wait much longer.’

‘Me neither.’

Suddenly Will had a large spasm from his bladder as he leaned forward bouncing both legs like crazy stroking his penis for all he was worth. There was no way on earth his body could keep its contents of urine inside any longer. He was about to have his second wetting of the night in a public building and the thought made tears run down his cheeks. He shook and bounced and squirmed for all he was worth before grabbing Sarah’s arm and speaking in her ear.

‘It’s about to shoot out. I need to go now!’

‘I know. Me too.’

Will let go of Sarah, needing both hands to prevent himself pissing as Sarah quickly used both hands to refasten her skirt and slip her shoes back on at the same time. She grabbed her coat from over her knee, standing up and straightening her skirt quickly. They had to get out of the row, the theatre, and to toilets immediately but with at least ten people either side of them in a constricted row of seats neither of them knew if they would make it.

Meanwhile the movie carried on as if everything was perfectly fine.

*188*2019-02-22 00:16

Will was slightly nearer the end of the row from Sarah, though they were right in the middle and the entire row was full of people. Will so wanted to scream to everyone to get out of his way before he wet himself but he just couldn’t. Standing up his bladder felt so solid, heavy and sore. It was stretched so much and his muscles were sore and tired as he had already held his bladder way too long earlier in the day. This wasn’t how his first proper date with his girlfriend was supposed to end, far from it. He’d already had a huge accident in front of Sarah just hours previously and he sure didn’t want another one. It was all he could do to apologise quietly as strangers stood up or squeezed in to let him past. It must have been blatantly obvious why he wanted out so urgently as he held his coat on one arm and held his dick tightly with the other. Why were some people taking ages to move to let him past? He felt a small spurt escape before he even made it to the end of the row.

Sarah was so turned on watching Will struggle, though her own bladder hurt so much from holding. At least she could just about make it to the end of the row without having to hold herself, though as she passed the final person she had to bend forward and cross her legs very tightly. Will was hobbling down the stairs in front of her now so she tried to hurry to catch him up as he walked through the short tunnel towards the doors marked ‘exit’. She’d long forgotten what the film was about by now as the voices from the screen became slightly quieter as she headed out to the main corridor. Will was slightly in front of her, though he seemed to suddenly stop as the corridor bustled with noise and people. Sarah was frantically searching for the toilets, perhaps that’s what Will was doing too and why he had paused? She caught up with him, unable to stand still as she danced beside him while he crouched forward with both hands between his legs.

Will knew he was in trouble. Why he had thought tan trousers would be good to wear he would never know. He didn’t dare remove his hands as he knew without a doubt that his crotch would be noticeably wet already. He was in pain and so embarrassed at acting like a child in public. As Sarah joined him, very noticeably bursting too he could only apologise.

‘I’m sorry Sarah. It’s really bad.’

‘It’s ok. I think there must be toilets along here. Come on. I need to go now Will. I’m absolutely desperate!’

‘Sarah, please please drive me home. It’s too busy honey. Please.’

Sarah knew Will couldn’t pee with so many around. She’d experienced his situation first hand and it wasn’t an option to sneak into a disabled toilet together in such a busy environment. Despite the fact she honestly knew she would not make it to Will’s without wetting herself she knew Will needed her assistance so bad. Grabbing herself between the legs, as undignified and embarrassing as it was, she pulled Will gently by the arm and headed through the very busy reception area out into the cold, wet, dark car park.

It took a moment for Sarah’s eyes to adjust to the change of light and she paused as the cinema door closed behind her and the noise eased. She quickly scanned for her car and pulled a bent, struggling Will with her.

Sarah had parked by a back area looking into the back of the restaurant they had eaten in earlier. In front of the car were some decorative bushes separating one car park from the other. Although out of eye shot from anyone at the cinema and restaurant they could both be seen clearly from anyone in either car park. Sarah clinked the button on her fob to unlock the doors but as Will approached the back of the car he suddenly froze.

‘Sarah, I can’t hold it. I can’t.’

Sarah pulled Will between the cars as she watched his face tense in panic.

Will knew he was losing it. His boxers had soaked up as much as they could and his hands could feel his trousers were definitely getting wet, though so far thankfully only from small spurts. He’d paused at the back of the car as another painful wave hit him hard sending another spurt out his tired penis. He wasn’t going to make it home but he was too ashamed to piss himself a second time in Sarah’s car. He couldn’t do that to her, he just couldn’t.

Sarah pulled him between the cars and close to the little bushes but Will knew the shrubbery was too low to offer any privacy. Before he could do anything to stop her Sarah had loosened his trousers, unzipped his fly and was pushing his shoulders down.

‘Crouch down Will. Copy me. My pants can’t hold any more. I need to do this.’

At that Sarah spread her legs, hunched her skirt up and crouched down in front of her car as close to the hedge as she could. Will spread his legs, bent his knees and crouched down too, facing the back of the restaurant with his back to Sarah’s car, still holding his penis as tight as he could.

Will stared at Sarah wide eyed. She still had her tights and underwear on. Could she really be about to pee through them out in the open? If he hadn’t been holding his piss for dear life he would have been exploding with something else. How he had longed to see a woman do this for years.

Sarah shuffled as close to Will as she could before removing his hands and gently fishing out his member. As they crouched right beside each other in front of a bush barely up to their knees with their backs protected by the front of Sarah’s car, their knees bend, legs spread, Sarah was the only one talking and instructing them both.

‘Will you hold my skirt up while i hold your penis. Think about the ladies at my work, think about McDonald’s, think about Starbucks, think about us pissing together in jugs at mine, think about us peeing together on your toilet...think about relaxing, getting relief, letting go of all this pressure.’

Will could hear hissing. It was magical, beautiful, incredibly sexual. Sarah was exploding warm pee from between her legs fast and loudly and furiously through her pants and nylon tights and onto the car park and bush in front of them. His penis was twitching with need, unable to grow due to the sheer volume of piss inside it but not fully flacid either. He never wanted Sarah to ever let his penis go. He closed his eyes, treasuring the sound of Sarah’s wee while his own body gave in to the relentless and incredible pressure from his bladder as suddenly he felt an explosion of warm urine run right down the inside of his member and splash loudly on the tarmac. Sarah responded by lifting and guiding his penis towards the bush as urine thundered out of him causing his legs to shake.

‘Oh my God Will I can’t stop.’

‘Me neither.’

Will thought he would be pissing for the rest of the night. Sarah felt the same as her body relaxed and moaned from the ecstasy of finally getting to go. Her skirt managing to stay dry but her pee was puddling between her high heeled shoes. She was loving holding and guiding Will and feeling the force of his urine as it ran down his penis. She’d secretly longed for a moment like this all her adult life. She might have soaked knickers and tights but she knew fucking Will later would make up for that and so much more besides.

Thanks to Will’s earlier wetting she already had plenty towels in her car to protect her seats. It was almost as if it was all planned by some higher being.

They could always watch the film on Netflix when it came out anyway. Right now that was the last thing on their minds though.

*190*2019-02-22 00:49

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was so good and hot

}}

Thank you. They sure find quite a variety of ways to pee lol

*192*2019-02-22 08:43

{{1 hour ago, Wombat48 said:

Great! Hadn’t expected that

}}

The ignorance of a good writer is not always being able to predict where the story will be going.

*194*2019-02-23 23:38

The force of Will’s pee finally subsided and the incredible sensation of Sarah’s hands on his penis caused his penis to grow and swell even though they were both in the open air. In fact Will was sure the fact they were in the open air was causing his erection to be even bigger than usual. Combined with the fact he had not only dreamed of having a beautiful woman hold and guide him while he pissed (and this was the second time Sarah had fulfilled this desire) but that one of his ultimate sexual fantasies was a sexy well dressed woman taking an emergency pee outside through her tights and knickers. 

It was like Sarah could read the very depths of his mind at times and now his bladder was finally empty he found himself very desperate for something else. Sarah finally let him go but not without stroking the length of him a few times making him want her one hundred times more. It wasn’t easy to tuck a penis in while bend down on your knees anyway but Will found it impossible to tuck his long, thick, erect penis into his tan trousers without standing more upright. He had to act quickly to prevent anyone seeing, a fact that only heightened his desire even more.

Sarah couldn’t help but giggle. When life events caused any sort of huge emotional response, especially of a joyful, ecstatic nature, her first instinctive response always seemed to be laughter. The absurdity of what they had both just done tickled Sarah so much. It also turned her on enormously and she had never wanted to make love to Will more than she did right now. Had her car not been parked in such a busy car park he would have been enticed and taken by her on the back seat. She was as desperate for Will as she had just been a few minutes ago to pee. She could tell from what she saw and felt that Will apparently felt the same.

Will loved the sound of Sarah’s laughter. It brought him joy, peace and a sense of warmth he couldn’t fully explain. He couldn’t stop smiling as Sarah unlocked the doors of the car and leaned over to get the towels that had previously sat on the front passenger seat where Will had had an accident earlier that night.

Will helped straighten the towels for Sarah though he couldn’t resist keeping his hand on top of the towels a bit longer than he needed to so he could feel Sarah’s wet bottom through her tights as she hitched her skirt up to put her wet bum on her seat.

‘Will, emmm, do you mind if I head to mine first and get freshened up before dropping you home?’

Will was in such a quandary. On one hand he wanted Sarah comfortable and happy but on the other he wanted to sleep with her so badly exactly as she was...wet and very sexy. His body wanted to say one thing but his mind another. Social appropriateness wasn’t his strong point, in fact it was often his biggest weakness, but he could potentially miss out on an opportunity he might never get again. Besides he was ready to blow his load right this minute anyway so, as embarrassed as he was, he decided to be truthful with Sarah.

‘Sarah, I need to be truthful with you darling. What you just did there was one of the sexiest most alluring things I have ever experienced. So much so that even without, you know, stroking myself, I am so so close to, well...Sarah I have never wanted to fuck you more than I do right this minute. So yes of course we can go to yours but, as long as you want to that is, please can I have you urgently. I’m emmmm struggling to hold back just sitting beside you honey.’

In the darkness of the car with just the dull light of a streetlight a short distance away casting shadows over them both, Will once again unfastened his fly to demonstrate to Sarah just how aroused he was.

Sarah wasn’t expecting the intimate honesty of her boyfriend though he was only expressing what her body was telling her too. Will may have been aroused and turned on by her peeing like that but she could not deny the effect that having soaking warm knickers and tights was doing to her. She’d never admitted to anyone before how such an unusual thing caused her body to alight with passion and desire. As hard as it was to trust someone with something so intimate she felt Will not only needed to hear this but that he could be trusted with it.

Sarah let Will’s words hang as she built up the courage to reply. Her actions did say a great deal though as she responded to Will’s penis by lightly stroking it and caressing it with her fingers.

Finally she felt ready.

‘Will I want nothing more right now than the same as you. You look and feel very desperate. I can assure you I am every bit as desperate for you. Can you hold off just ten minutes until we get to mine?’

Sarah didn’t wait for an answer as in reality she herself was struggling with the thought of ten minutes drive. She was more than ready for sexual climax and ten minutes felt like an eternity to hold off. She started the engine and clipped on her seatbelt, put the car in reverse gear and headed to her house.

Something came over Will after Sarah responded. It was like he was possessed by some sexual prowess and he wasn’t sure he could hold back for a full ten minutes. Had he not been pissing when Sarah had peed through her tights and knickers he knew he would have actually cum just watching her. He fastened his seat belt and tried hiding his penis back inside his trousers as Sarah drove, though he couldn’t help stroking himself through his trousers. Maybe it was the beer from earlier helping him lose his inhibitions or wether it was just the fact Sarah took him places sexually that drove him wild with desire. Whatever it was he found himself softly moaning and talking much freer that ever.

‘Oh my God Sarah. What a night baby. You wonder why I am struggling to hold back? From seeing you in the car when I first got back from work. That passionate kissing we had when I wet myself from absolute desperation. Doing that in front of you and your response. Oh God you touching my dick through my wet trousers. Shoot that made me want you! The way you accepted what happened and cleaned up and showed me so much kindness. That touched me and turned me on again. The restaurant stuff with me teasing you and telling you all about me busting at work while all the time I knew you were almost wetting yourself you needed to pee that bad. That was awesome babe. I was so longing for you. You know that? 

Then watching you sitting at the table opposite me squirming and crossed legged in desperation. Fuck did that drive me nuts baby! I was so fucking hard my heart was beating that fast. Then watching you struggle to get the waitresses attention. God I nearly came then and there. Seeing your eyes light up and the relief on your face when you returned. Sarah you make me so so fucking horny babe. Sorry for swearing it’s just when I get like...you know...so eager..I just struggle for words.

I mean if we had stopped after the meal I could have happily fucked you but no you teased me even more through a long film where I got to watch you bounce about again in desperation and sit next to you when you held yourself in public and then you go and fucking whisker in my ear that you are bursting for a pee. It’s like you press every one of my buttons a million times over. Then when I need you to help me because I’m dying to piss you find the sexiest, most incredible way to help me piss and then hit fucking bullseye by pissing yourself like that. You are an absolute legend Sarah Henderson and emmm...I’m like a minute from exploding here babe. Shit, fucking pre-cum is oozing out me as I speak.’

Sarah moaned as Will’s speech sent shivers right through her. Everything he spoke about had been every bit as arousing for her. It was true that they had edged each other right to this point for hours. Their date more like hours of foreplay in public driving them both to the very edge of a sexual cliff that both had to fall from together incredibly soon as both of them were now hanging on and slipping fast. Sarah body was so turned on she found herself moaning and grinding into the driver’s seat as she drove.

As she indicated to pull into her street Will had one hand on the seatbelt clip ready to release and the other pressing over his wet crotch trying valiantly to hold off exploding until he had Sarah. He’d been waiting for this moment all evening. So had Sarah.

*196*2019-02-23 23:47

{{4 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Next will come the behind the closed doors action

}}

They certainly need an x rating these two. They Ought to be drinking much more I reckon lol

*198*2019-02-25 23:40

Will began stripping his clothes off as a Sarah unlocked the front door such was his absolute urgency to be with Sarah. As the door closed his top half was already naked and his shirt and pullover both on the floor. Before they even landed he was undoing his trousers and pulling them down, all the while helping Sarah get her coat, shoes, blouse and skirt off too.

‘Sarah please please don’t take off your tights and knickers babe. I really want to do that.’

‘Mmmm. Sure.’

Will yanked his boxers down as his long erect penis sprung up to face Sarah. Standing on the pile of discarded clothes Will reached over to undo Sarah’s bra and then he turned her gently to face him as he removed her bra, kissing and sucking her nipples whilst rubbing his penis against the wetness of Sarah’s crotch. He then gently and carefully pulled down Sarah’s tights tying them around his penis as Sarah looked on and laughed.

‘You really like me peeing my clothes don’t you Will?

‘Mmmmmm’

‘Well tomorrow why don’t we go shopping for some clothes and I’ll get desperate and pee in whatever you want.’

‘Mmmmm. Yes. Yes. Yes.’

Will could feel his body edge closer and closer to climax but he really wanted to fulfil Sarah and not leave her feeling empty so he gently placed his hand between Sarah’s legs, over her wet knickers and stroked her.

‘Oh Will. Don’t stop’

Will continued stroking and caressing Sarah through her soaked pants as he felt her body push and rock against his hand. The only items of clothing either had were Sarah’s urine soaked undergarments with Will’s penis tied with Sarah’s wet nylon tights and his hand stroking Sarah’s wet knickers whilst still on her. Still at the front door Will gently pressed Sarah’s back against the wall as his mouth kissed her deeply while his hand continued to stroke her, his own penis shaking and pulsing with desire.

‘Will, I’m almost there.’

Will had never taken a woman standing up before. He’d never felt wet nylon tights around his dick and he’d never watched a woman crouch in the open and pee herself like Sarah had. His body was doing the leading now and he was beyond the point of stopping. He was loving every moment.

Will pulled Sarah’s pants down as he looked in awe at her body as her vagina throbbed and shook with longing, mucus dripping from her lips. He imagined how it looked dripping and pouring with pee and just that thought sent a huge wave of desire through him that he tossed away the tights and entered Sarah as he held her in his arms. It was natural, needed and perfect as their lips met both in their mouths as it did between their legs. Will had no sooner entered than he thrust gently as Sarah’s body swallowed him as she gave herself fully to him. By the second thrust both of them felt utterly fulfilled and complete. Will felt his body fire quickly but thoroughly as Sarah’s body welcomed everything he had gladly.

Will ran his hands through Sarah’s hair enjoying the after glow of sex with the most beautiful girl in the world. Sarah stroked Will’s beard and smiled at him before stroking his blond curls with her fingers. Will was everything she ever dreamt a man could be and so much more besides.

‘Will you stay tonight? Please.’

Will struggled with changes of plans, he had his Saturday chores listed by the minute but his body and heart were not ready to leave Sarah and for the first time he felt he had found something, someone in fact, who was more important to him than his need for routine and sameness. The only thing he wanted from home right now was one of his beloved coffees.

‘If you make me a coffee I will.’

Will winked at Sarah to show he was only half joking, though he really could go a good coffee after that.

He watched as Sarah walked through her living room and through into her kitchen still naked as she filled the kettle to make tea and coffee. She was incredible in every way and he could never imagine a time when her naked body would not drive him wild.

He rummaged for his boxers and pulled them on as he headed for the kitchen to hug Sarah. She needed to know he cared for her much more than just lusting after her. He’d never felt so relaxed, so refreshed and alive as he did with Sarah.

It was late, almost midnight in fact, and after his coffee Will could not wait to sleep contentedly beside Sarah. He’d never forget his date with a Sarah tonight, not ever.

*200*2019-02-27 16:23

Sarah made great coffee, Will thought. Sure it wasn’t the expensive elaborate ones he made at home but even her instant coffee was made to perfection. Or perhaps he was just feeling utterly satisfied and coffee was the perfect way to end his night. Whatever it was Will had never felt happier.

Sarah rounded up the clothes from the front door, and asked Will if he wanted his boxers washed. He took them off and handed them too her readily as she filled the washing machine and turned it on. If Will was staying at least he would have something clean to wear in the morning even if it was the same clothes he had worn the day before. She took her tea with her to the bedroom and smiled as Will followed. She could easily get used to having company in bed even if it was just for warmth and comfort.

Sarah slept so deeply the first she woke was her bladder bothering her at 8:30am. She sat up and looked over at Will as he lay sleeping still, an overwhelming feeling of affection coming over her that she wasn’t prepared for. She hardly knew this man in her bed, well comparatively speaking, yet she felt so connected, so at one with him. It really felt like her whole life had been building up to meeting him but she couldn’t tell Will this as he may not want or even care about hearing that.

As Sarah slipped out of bed quietly and used the toilet she worried, not for the first time, if her growing fondness for Will was something she needed to pull back from or embrace more. They were having so much fun, more than she’d ever had in her life before, but was she ready to go deeper? She really wasn’t sure though just looking at the fact she had picked up a male shower gel from the supermarket a few days ago ‘just in case Will stays over again’ and the fact she had washed his clothes last night so he had clean clothing this morning told her her mind was already seeing things as longer term. Maybe she should speak to Will about it? She just needed to find the right time.

With Will still in the room she decided to have a quick shower and get dressed, choosing jeans and a plain long sleeved dark grey top that contrasted vividly against her naturally wavy auburn hair. It was only as she pulled her top on that Will finally awake properly.

‘Morning handsome! Fancy a coffee?’

‘Oh my word Sarah you look absolutely stunning. Wow. Yes a coffee would be lovely thanks.’

Will couldn’t believe his eyes as he woke up. It was like having an angel in the room seeing Sarah stand before him in jeans and a top, her gorgeous hair hanging wet against her top. His body responded quickly as he found himself yearning for Sarah the second he woke up.

‘I’ll run down and put the kettle on honey and stick the clothes in the dryer then I’ll dry my hair and get you that coffee. How does that sound?’

‘Amazing, thanks.’

Will couldn’t take his eyes off Sarah’s bottom as it wiggled sexily in her jeans as she left the room. He pulled the duvet aside to see and reach his penis as it sat there long and hard and ready for action. He couldn’t resist stroking and playing a little, longing for Sarah and aware he needed the loo a fair bit too. Playing and stroking was making his mind think back to last night especially Sarah peeing in public through her tights and knickers. That was a moment forever etched in his memory.

Sarah was back in minutes delighted to see Will still in the bed, even more delighted to see his member so perfect and ready. Sarah sat alongside Will as she leaned over to plug the hairdryer in deliberately letting her long wet hair fall all over Will’s erect penis and testicles. Will responded by wrapping her hair around his penis and stroking slightly enjoying the feeling of wetness and the tingling of the hairs touching his body.

Sarah laughed and smiled as she tipped her head forward between Will’s legs and turned on the hairdryer, blowing warm air over her hair and right between Will’s legs. It certainly wasn’t how she usually dried her hair on a Saturday morning but then she never had the privilege of a naked handsome man in her bed. Will wasn’t complaining as the warm air, wet hair and odd touches from Sarah’s hands were sending waves of pleasure through him. If this was how his Saturday was starting he was sure it would be one to remember.

What happened next was something Will definitely wasn’t expecting though, as Sarah suddenly stopped drying her hair and rummaged in a cupboard coming back with a plastic bag which she put her hand into laughing.

‘Will, have you used the bathroom yet this morning by any chance? I just remembered your phone is downstairs where I found a spare charger and wondered if you needed it to...you know...look at your photograph?’

The mention of the bathroom sent a sudden wave from Will’s bladder.

‘No. And thanks for charging my phone. I do need it actually. I should probably get it right now.’

Just as Will sat more upright about to head downstairs for his phone Sarah pulled some handcuffs from her bag and quickly handcuffed Will’s wrists to the metal headboard of the bed.

‘Will. Let me help you. It’s ok. Trust me. Let me go get that coffee for you and we can talk. I promise to take care of you. You can hold on for a bit for me can’t you? I’ll even bring your phone up if you still want to see that picture?’

Before Will even had time to answer Sarah had handcuffed him securely to the bed where she left him with a full bladder while she went downstairs to make herself some tea and Will some coffee.

