Callie and Marie's diaper adventure! (AI assisted)

Author: misplacedpotty

*000*2022-09-23 00:56

Preface: This is a story created with the assistance of the site: novelai an Artificial Intelligent story-making website. The main characters are Callie and Marie Inkling. I had limited input on the story so some parts might be inconsistent. Hope you enjoy!

Marie had been holding her pee all day long. Her cousin, Callie, was in the recording studio, filming some clips for an upcoming song. Marie is behind a curtain, desperately trying to hold her pee. There is no way Marie can make it to a potty before peeing her panties.

Callie walks up next to her and whispers "I think you're going to have to use your diaper soon."

"No, I'm fine," Marie replies.

Callie walks back to the other side of the room and continues filming. Marie feels so uncomfortable with this constant pressure on her bladder. She knows she's going to have to go pee very soon.

Marie begins dancing around, trying to shake off the feeling that she needs to go.

"You should probably use a diaper now," says Callie.

Marie quickly reaches into her pocket and pulls out a diaper. It's one of her favorites: The 'Fancy Diaper' from Luv U Baby.

She looks at the clock and realizes she has less than ten minutes until Callie leaves.

"Okay, Callie," she says as she puts the diaper on under her skirt. "I'll be done in just a minute."

Marie dances around some more, hoping to get the urge to poop out of her body. She doesn't want to go in her diaper! But she also doesn't feel like pissing her pants or wetting herself either. She has never felt so desperate to pee before.

A few minutes pass by and Marie realizes there are only three minutes left before Callie will leave. She makes up her mind to try to hold it for another five minutes.

She turns her head toward the camera. "Hey, Callie?" she asks. "Do you think you could stay a little bit longer? I really need to go pee right now!"

Callie smiles and nods.

"But... I'd rather not go in my diaper..." she adds. "I promise I won't do anything weird if you stay."

Marie steps out from behind the curtain and walks over to Callie. She tries to ignore the feeling of her full bladder.

"I don't know how much longer I can hold it," she says.

Callie looks at the clock and immediately jumps up from her chair. "Shit, we've got about two minutes left! Sorry, Marie," she says with a laugh.

Marie takes the diaper off and puts it aside. She starts dancing again, but the pressure on her bladder gets even worse. She feels like she's going to burst.

"Okay, let's go!" Callie says. "We might have to improvise a little bit!"

As they walk towards the toilet, Marie holds her bladder tight. She finally notices a plastic bag lying on the floor. She picks it up and opens it. Inside is a small, white dildo.

"Oh, what the hell?!" she whispers. "Callie, what the fuck is this?"

Callie doesn't answer. Instead, she takes her hand out of her pocket and shows Marie the video camera. The camera is pointed at the ground.

"I told you I wouldn't do anything weird," Callie whispers.

Marie watches Callie's face. There is nothing there but pure, unadulterated lust.

"Come on, Callie," Marie says. "What's gotten into you? What kind of sick game are you playing here?"

Callie laughs. "This isn't a game, silly!" she says. "It's called roleplay. And it's fucking awesome!"

Marie looks up at the clock. One minute left.

"Okay, okay," Marie says. "Let's just do this. Whatever you want. Just please don't pee your pants. This is humiliating enough as it is."

Callie takes the dildo out of the bag and puts it on the ground. She then sits down on the toilet, facing Marie.

"Okay, it's time to take care of business," Callie says. "Get ready."

Marie feels her heart beating faster than ever. She wonders if she's going to be able to hold it.

"Hold your breath," Callie says. "And think about how badly you need to pee."

Marie does as she's told. She closes her eyes and focuses on trying to hold it.

"Good girl," Callie says. "Now... let it go!"

The sudden pressure on her bladder pushes the pee out of her body. It flows straight through her panties, soaking them completely.

"Oh, shit," Marie says in shock.

The pee flows out of Marie's pussy. Her thighs and stockings are soaked with hot piss.

"That was amazing," Callie says. "I love watching girls pee their pants."

Marie can't believe what she's hearing. She's pissed all over herself in front of her cousin.

"Callie, I didn't mean to-"

"Hey, it's okay, honey," Callie responds. "Now it's my turn to pee in your mouth!"

Callie stands up, removes her black dress, and pulls down her panties.

She squats down in front of Marie, aiming her ass at her open mouth.

"Open wide," she says.

"Wait... I change my mind. Give me your diaper," Callie adds.

She takes the diaper from Marie's hands and puts it on.

Callie pulls it down to her thighs. Then she sits back down.

"Now close your eyes and pretend I'm peeing in your diaper," Callie says.

Marie obeys. She keeps her eyes closed, waiting for Callie to finish. Callie licks Marie's pussy before letting out her pee into the diaper.

Callie moans, letting out a lot of pee.

"I really needed that," she says. "Thanks."

Marie opens her eyes, still unsure what to say.

"Don't worry, Marie," Callie says. "We're family.

Marie turns bright red and she starts fidgeting.

"What's wrong?" Asks Callie. "I need to go potty again..." Marie responds. "Can I use your nappy?"

"Of course," Callie answers. "Go ahead and sit down."

Marie sits down on the toilet seat, facing Callie. Callie takes of her diaper, giving it to Marie. Marie sniffs the diaper before putting it on, noting that Callie's pee was still warm.

She pulls her skirt up and tapes the diaper on.

"There," she says. "I'm good as new."

Marie gives Callie a big smile.

"Thank you, Callie," she says. "I really appreciate you helping me out like that."

Callie grabs her phone and turns it on, making sure the camera is on.

"Okay, Marie," she says. "Give me a hug."

Marie places her arms around Callie, who holds onto Marie tightly.

"Are you done peeing yet?" Callie asks.

Marie shakes her head, unable to speak.

Callie laughs and lets go of Marie.

"How about I help you out? Would you like that?"

Marie nods. She closes her eyes and waits for Callie to pee in her mouth again.

She feels something warm and wet on her lips. When she opens her eyes, she sees Callie squatting in front of her.

"Just relax," Callie says. "I'm going to take care of this."

Callie lets go of her pee straight into Marie's mouth. Marie starts fidgeting even more, holding the diaper that is still warm with Callie's pee.

Callie stands up, removes her dress, and pulls down her panties.

"Let's see how much pee we can squeeze out," she says.

Callie squats again, aiming her butt at Marie.

"Hold your breath," she says. "And enjoy the show."

Callie lets out a huge torrent of pee. It comes out so fast and hard, filling Marie's mouth up with urine.

She squeezes her eyes shut as the warm piss fills her mouth. She can feel her pussy getting warmer and warmer.

"That's it," Callie says after a few seconds. "Good job. Now let it all out."

Marie opens her eyes. She's amazed by the amount of pee she consumed.

"Wow," she says. "That tasted so good!" Marie starts wiggling on the toilet, really needing to pee in her diaper.

Her legs start shaking as she feels her bladder pushing out more pee.

"I think I'm gonna need some help here," she says.

"I figured as much," Callie replies. "It must be really bad if you're having trouble peeing."

Marie nods.

"I'm going to take care of you now," Callie says. "Relax and let me work."

Marie takes a deep breath, trying to relax. She closes her eyes once again and feels Callie's fingers touching her pussy.

Callie rubs her clit, making Marie moan.

"There we go," Callie says. "You're doing great."

Callie moves her hands down and starts massaging Marie's pussy. She spreads her lips open and uses her finger to push inside.

"Mmmm," Marie moans. "That feels so good."

Callie presses her fingers in deeper. Marie arches her back, trying to make sure Callie can reach all her sensitive spots.

Callie's hand touches Marie's wet diaper. She fingers Marie more until Marie starts cumming, followed by a yellow flow.

"Ahh, yes!" Marie cries. "You did such a good job!"

"Sorry for making you wait so long," Callie apologizes. "I couldn't resist."

Marie giggles.

Pee shoots out of her pussy and into her diaper; Callie's hand still inside.

A loud trickling floods the bathroom stall. Callie twitches in shock as her hand becomes warm with Marie's pee. The nappy quickly overflows, dripping onto Callie's breasts.

"Oh, wow!" Marie says. "I've never had an accident like this before!"

Callie smiles and lets go of Marie's pee-soaked diaper.

"Well, I guess you'll need more diapers today," she says.

Marie can't stop laughing.

"You're right," she says. "I think I'll just pee myself whenever I feel the urge from now on."

Callie laughs and licks Marie's pussy clean before pulling up the girl's diaper. All the excess pee squirts out and soaks Callie's clothes.

"Mmmm. That's so adorable! You are so cute with that wet diaper on!" Callie exclaims.

She helps Marie get off the toilet, lifting up her dress to check out the mess.

"I don't think we should take these off," Callie says. "Your diaper is already soaked, so you might as well leave it on."

Marie nods.

"It's so warm," Callie says. "I love the way it smells."

They both giggle, happy to be soaked in each other's pee.

Fin

