The day before lockdown: Bianca

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-12-28 00:46

“Bianca! Pay attention! I said these were for table 22.”

Bianca picked up the plates and made her way to table 22, smiling as she handed over the meals.

‘Enjoy your meals’ she said behind her mask as she curtseyed forward. It wasn’t that she didn’t want them to actually enjoy their meals, or that she didn’t want to be working the last night before lockdown, it was just that she kept walking past the toilets and the sign was taunting her. Heading past them yet again she was heading back to the kitchen when Matteo called her.

“Bianca will show you to table 31 just now. Thank you.”

Bianca took the couple and their child to the table and dutifully asked if they required a high chair. They did so she made her way towards the back of the restaurant and pulled one out, crossing her legs as she did so. She could really do with a quick break but the restaurant was fully booked with last minute changes, early Christmas family gatherings and locals wanting to make the most of the night before another lockdown. Taking the high chair to table 31 she opened it, wiped it over, then brushed down her pinafore.

‘Can we order some drinks please?’

Bianca moved subtly from foot to foot as she listed the drinks required before heading to the small bar with the orders.

Handing the slip over her cousin Antonio sighed. ‘It’s just two cokes Bianca. You couldn’t just come get them out the fridge and pour them could you? I’m run off my feet here!’

Biting her lip Bianca went behind the counter and bend down to the fridge for two cans. Wether it was the bending down, or the cold air from the fridge, or the combination, she wasn't sure but she couldn’t stand still as her need for a few moments break suddenly intensified. Jiggling about on the spot she closed the fridge and placed the cans and two glasses on a tray.

‘Antonio I’ll be right back! I need to do something urgently!’

Continuing to pour other drinks out Bianca’s cousin looked at her suspiciously. ‘What’s the matter? Can you not pour out a couple of cans?’

‘I’ll be right back! Promise! I just...’

Bianca couldn’t bring herself to say what was wrong as she tensed everything inside her body to try and hold on. She’d only be a moment as she tried to get past Antonio, his body blocking the only exit from the bar.

‘Can’t you see how busy we are? Take the drinks over then go wherever you need to. Dad will kill you if you go for a smoke now though!’

Grimacing and flustered Bianca pulled the ring pull of the cans and made to open the bar to leave. Antonio took a step aside before bending down to whisper, ‘you forgot the ice!’

Sighing Bianca scooped a few ice cubes into the glasses then picked up the tray.

Walking to the table holding the tray Bianca struggled but she was determined not to disgrace herself. Putting on a professional front she gently placed the drinks on table 31 and was about to drop the tray at the bar and rush to where she really needed to go when a voice interrupted her.

‘Thank you. May we order now? We already know what we would like thanks.’

Pulling the small pad from her apron pocket with a small pen attached Bianca pressed her thighs together tightly as she wrote down what the couple wanted from the menu. Frustratingly they wanted starters as well as a main course which just added to Bianca’s ongoing struggle. Smiling professionally she read back the order before walking briskly to the kitchen to hand it in.

Unable to stand still now Bianca felt she had no choice but to rush towards the toilets desperately trying to hang on for just a minute longer.

‘Where are you going Bee? Could you take the contact details for these customers please for track and trace and then show them to their table? You know we have to close at 6 sweetheart and until then we need to all work together.’

Bianca looked at her dad with silent pleading eyes. Of course she knew they had to close at six but that was two hours away and all she needed was to pop into the bathroom quick! There was no way she could wait until 6, she could hardly wait another few minutes never mind two hours! But the thought of telling her dad that in front of strangers was far too embarrassing, so reluctantly she guided the three adults over to a desk to record their details for the government.

Bouncing on her feet and swaying from side to side Bianca learned over the table, pen in hand and asked for a name and number for the register. As she wrote the details she felt an incredible pressure and tension and against her will she found herself squirming and moving in a way that must have made her predicament obvious. She couldn’t concentrate and she had now forgotten the phone number the customer had just said. Red faced and incredibly flustered she looked up as her eyes met with a young man in the group as she whispered, ‘sorry what was your number again?’

While the others in the group seemed to chat among themselves, seemingly unaware of how stressed Bianca now was, the young man got closer despite social distancing rules and slowly repeated his number. Still moving her lower body constantly and having to stop between each number to tense her body and concentrate, Bianca slowly finished writing the mobile number as her eyes once again caught up with the intense deep green eyes of the stranger right in front of her as if they could both see right through each other.

Checking the reservation book Bianca was about to stand upright when a strong pressure hit again and she momentarily closed her eyes and tensed her entire face. As she reopened her eyes she looked right into the same eyes again as his voice whispered against a sea of music and chatter.

‘You couldn’t show me where your bathrooms are please? I would appreciate that very much.’

Breathing deeply and flushed red Bianca whispered back.

‘That would be my honour. I’ll just show you to the table then take you in person...if you don’t mind.’

‘No. I think that would be best for us both don’t you?’

‘Y...yes. Follow me sir.’

Bianca walked briskly and awkwardly towards the corner where the family had a reserved table as she clasped her hands in front of her body awkwardly as she waited for them to sit. As the others sat down, still talking, the younger male winked at Bianca as her face flushed once again.

Bianca wanted to cry at how urgently she needed to pee now. The thought that she was finally heading in the right direction and that she had a valid reason to be doing so because she was directing a customer to the facilities only served to intensify how full her bladder was and how urgent the situation was. Just seeing the sign for the toilets almost became her undoing as she marched sharply in the direction of relief. Glancing back to make sure the customer was still behind her, Bianca felt suddenly self conscious recalling how obvious it must have been to him that she was extremely bursting. Trying not to think about it she just longed to finally get to sit down, relax and get the release she craved.

Pausing at the door with the toilets sign on for a few seconds Bianca hesitated just enough to allow the customer to catch up. Pushing the door open she knew she had just seconds to spare before her bladder burst but in the quiet small corridor with three doors now facing her for ladies, gents and disabled/baby change she couldn’t help but pause as she watched the male customer, whose eyes captivated her, walk through too.

About to push the ladies door open with her legs crossed and her body throbbing Bianca was taken aback as an arm grabbed hers and pulled her into the single disabled cubicle as the door silently locked behind them. Her heart pounding Bianca danced on the spot frantically already feeling her body was about to burst.

‘Sorry. I didn’t mean to frighten you. It’s just...’

Before Bianca could protest she found her whole body lightly pressed against the door they had just walked through as the deep green eyes once again penetrated hers and enticing, sexy lips caressed hers. Adrenaline soared through Bianca’s body but still she pulled away.

‘Really sorry but I really HAVE to pee!’

Pushing past the stranger Bianca raced towards the toilet pulling her tights and underwear down urgently while simultaneously hitching her skirt up. Hovering over the toilet she struggled to stay composed as warm liquid poured from between her legs as the stranger gasped and stared at her exposed vagina as she released a strong and urgent flow.

Laughing in sheer relief, forgetting she had no idea who the strange man was in the bathroom with her who had just kissed her, Bianca lost herself in the utter relief of letting go.

‘Phew! You have no idea how much I needed that! I thought I’d never get to go! I very nearly pissed myself I was that desperate. Sorry! Were you needing to go too?’

‘I was but not now. God that has to have been the sexiest thing I have ever witnessed my whole life!’

Suddenly overcome with embarrassment and shock Bianca cleaned and tidied herself up quickly and washed her hands as the stranger remained staring openly at her.

‘I had better get back to work. I’ll come get your order shortly.’

Shaking his head as if coming back to reality the man watched as Bianca unlocked the bathroom door and went to leave.

‘Please do. I’ll be waiting.’

*011*2021-01-27 17:55

{{On 1/25/2021 at 8:57 PM, Sassy1 said:

Your stories are the best

}}

Thank you

