Lucoa's nudist adventure

Author: Ms. Tito

*000*2022-05-19 22:11

Lucoa, otherwise known as Quetzalcoatl, was the goddess of fashion until she was banished from Godhood. Ironically, even though she still performs her duties of spreading fashion and culture, Lucoa prefers to be completely nude more often than not. This draws the ire of her companion, the mage Shouta Magatsuchi, who constantly tells her to cover up. Because of this, she rarely ever gets the opportunity to lounge around the house au-naturale. But today, Lucoa was going on a little trip to a nudist beach on the southern coast of Japan.

"Goodbye Shouta. I'll be back soon."

"Have fun, Lucoa!" Shouta waved back.

The goddess used her perception blocking to turn herself invisible, and flew towards the coast. She arrived after an hour of flight, making sure to conceal her powers by uncloaking in the woods near a desolate trail. Lucoa walked down it to the beach area, where she saw tons of people, both clothed and naked, walking around. There were people changing in various stalls, and putting their clothes in lockers. She found an empty stall and stripped down, letting her generously sized breasts hang free in the air, before putting her clothes in a locker and taking her blanket and cooler down to the beach.

Lucoa placed her blanket down and put a cooler of drinks next to began applying sunscreen on her body, making sure to cover every inch so she doesn't get sunburned. "Hmm... I could use some help with my back." She looked around and shouted "Yoohoo! Can someone help me?" A man, who looked to be in his late 20s, walked up to her and replied "What do you need help with, miss?"

"I was wondering if you would be willing to put this sunscreen on my back," she asked, to which he responded "Sure thing." Lucoa laid down on her stomach, allowing the kind stranger to rub sunscreen onto her back. "Thank you," Lucoa said as he finished applying the sunscreen to her back. "By the way, you're very pretty, miss." She smiled, "Thanks, you're not too bad looking yourself, handsome." He blushed, "Aw, thanks-"

"HEY, TAMAKO, ARE YOU COMING BACK OVER? WE NEED ONE MORE PLAYER FOR VOLLEYBALL!" One of his friends called out.

"Coming! Well, bye miss... uhh..."

"Lucoa. Goodbye, Tamako! And thanks."

She relaxed for a while, sunbathing and taking dips of her sodas and water bottle. After she waited for the sunscreen to sink in, she decided to go for a swim in the ocean. Tons of people at the beach were swimming in their birthday suits, cooling off from the hot summer sun. She swam around for a while, enjoying the waves and splashing around, until she started getting cold again and climbed back out to sunbathe again. A few hours later, she felt an urge to pee, the soda and water taking their toll. Of course, she didn't want to bother with it at the moment. "I can wait. I want to keep sunbathing for a while," she thought. She kept taking a sip from her water bottle, which was half empty. She was enjoying the sun, and she did not want to waste a single second of it.

The sun was beginning to set, and by this point, Lucoa was starting to feel uncomfortable. "Okay, maybe it's time for a visit to the restroom," she said as she got up and headed towards the public toilets, holding her crotch as she did. To her horror, as soon as she reached the building"Are you kidding me? This line is ridiculous! I can't wait through this!" She considered trying the men's room, since they usually had shorter lines. She had no qualms about using the men's room if the women's was overflowing with people. She walked around to the other side to see the door was locked, with a sign that said OUT OF ORDER: CLOSED FOR CLEANING. She saw that most of the men and even some women were running off into the woods to pee. Lucoa decided to try that, being no stranger to peeing outdoors.

She headed into the woods and searched for somewhere she could squat. She found a bush that would sufficiently conceal her, and got into a low squatting position. She closed her eyes and relaxed her bladder, letting loose a torrent of piss on the dirt and grass below her. "Ahhhhh..... Nothing like peeing in the woods. I can't imagine why Shouta baby is so embarrassed about it." She just kept peeing and peeing, for five full minutes. "Oh boy, this is gonna take a while." She thought. After another minute and a half, she finished peeing, and wiped herself dry with a leaf. She went back to her towel and watched the sunset before she would get dressed and head home.

Lucoa got home just in time for dinner. As she opened the door, she was greeted by Shouta. "Welcome home, Lucoa!" he said, "How was your day?" She answered "It was good, Shouta. Say, what's that smell? It smells delicious." Shouta's mother came from the kitchen and said "I made some Takoyaki for dinner. You two should come and eat." They sat at the dinner table and enjoyed their meal, especially Lucoa, after a long day at the beach. She hoped to visit that beach again someday.

