The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 9

Author: Mbgpeelover

*200*2023-09-26 00:22

Then Daniel called…

Opening her post Ellen filled the kettle with fresh water and switched it on. Reading through the first piece of mail she sighed in disbelief. Rereading it to make sure she’d read it right she wiped a silent tear from her cheek. How could the landlord justify putting the rent up already? Sure she had three months legally before it was implemented but given how insecure her employment was she felt a panic rise within her already. Placing the letter on the kitchen counter she opened the next one which was thankfully just some information about a broadband offer. That went into the bin with the pizza flyer too as the kettle finally boiled.

Making her tea Ellen realised just how hungry she was as she searched through the fridge, freezer and cupboards hoping by some miracle that there might be food she could make. Microwaving a packet of vegetable rice and frying the single slice of bacon she had left Ellen was standing at the kitchen counter eating her makeshift tea when her mobile rang in her pocket.

Not even checking who it was Ellen swallowed another mouthful of food quickly before answering.

“Hello?”

“Ellen it’s me. I’m sorry about earlier. Leaving without you. What I said to you. Everything. Are you ok?”

Gulping some tea to wash down the bland salty food Ellen smiled on hearing Daniel’s voice.

“I’m fine. It’s fine. I was sort of hoping when I was in the office last Friday doing the calls that they might have said something, maybe mentioned other roles or something, but nothing was mentioned so I guess there’s either nothing vacant just now or they can’t wait to see the back of me. I’ll be fine. I always am. Oh and I left my anorak at my desk with my car keys. I went back to get them but by the time I got back to reception you’d gone.”

“I’m sorry I missed you. I was thinking…would you like me to speak to my boss and see if there’s anything going at the council? You are the most dedicated, hard working, committed person I know and your record speaks for itself. I’m sure there must be something.”

Ellen almost choked on her rice as she laughed loudly and heartily.

“Daniel you crack me up mate! We both know what Archie Waters thinks of me so that’s a no go. Appreciate your thoughts though. It’s my own fault anyway. I always knew it was a weird type of job…you know what I mean? The more successful you are at it the quicker you do yourself out the job. They took a hell of a chance on me to be honest but I always got the impression that few people actually even applied and I could start immediately. It’s ever so sweet of you to be thinking of me but I should have been looking months ago. It was just…well you know. I naively thought they might extend the ships contract or something seeing as so many were still living on it and that. But then you…not that I’m blaming you Dan..well it’s kind of happening all rather quickly now I guess.”

“It’s too political now to have them extend the ship’s contract. It’s become a thorn in the side of the government these days and the pressure to get everyone off has been intense. At one point there was even talk of hotels, but there was no way I was ever going to tell you that.”

“Hotels? You’re kidding me right?”

“No. They’re just numbers to the government, even to Archie. I only persuaded him to look at other options because I told him the council would have to foot the bill when funding ended and God knows when there would have actually been enough suitable housing for them all. The press would have been all over that. Can you imagine?”

“Over my dead body would Dmitro and Tetyana move to a poky hotel room with drug addicts and alcoholics and who knows what else living there. Nor Inna and Ihor, or Yakiv and Mylana, and how on earth would Diana manage with Mykhaila in a hotel? I can’t get my head around this. I’d chain myself to the gangway before I’d let that happen!”

“Ellen calm down. That’s never going to happen now is it? We’re got them all housing now remember? Even I wasn’t going to put them in hotels. You see why I loved the idea of the tower block now? It’s a million times better than all the other options.”

“Yeah that’s true. Sorry I get a bit carried away at times.”

“You don’t need to apologise Ellen. You care about them all. I saw that so clearly today. I’m still in shock that you’ve learnt Ukrainian. I respect you so much. I always have done. You are amazing to work with, so passionate, so enthusiastic and so….lovely. I would never have found so many properties if it wasn’t for your help and determination. You might not believe this but I’m really going to miss working on the Adventurer II too. And…I’ll miss working with you even more.”

Finishing her tea with one big gulp and sliding her empty plate towards the sink Ellen picked up her bag and headed through to the main room again, her anorak still on as the house was chilly. Sitting down on the second hand couch that Margo had got delivered for her from the charity shop she pulled a nearby blanket over her legs.

“I’ll miss working with you too Daniel. I was hoping we might still see each other though? That’s if you want to.”

“Yes! This is going to sound crazy but when I got back here tonight the house just felt so quiet without you. I’d love you to come over again soon. Ellen? You ok? What’s that beeping? Is there an alarm going off or something?”

“Sorry I’m just in a cupboard trying to fix something. The meters beeping again. It does this all the time.”

Meter? Is it your electrics? Do you need an electrician? Is it your switchboard? It shouldn’t beep like that Ellen. It sound more like a smoke alarm battery needs changing or a car alarm or something.”

“Nah. It’s just this gas meter. I just put it into emergency credit and I’ll be fine. Shit. You’re joking!”

“What is it? Are you ok?”

“It’s fine. I’ll just have to put up with the beeping that’s all.”

“Ellen what’s happening? You’ve got me worried honey.”

“It’s fine. I thought I could put the gas into emergency credit that’s all. Looks like I already did that though and now that’s run out too. Good job the cooker’s electric or I wouldn’t have had any tea tonight. I hate these prepayment things with a passion! They ought to be illegal really.”

“Ellen….are you telling me you’ve no gas right now. It’s freezing tonight. You have heating right?”

“I’ve got blankets. And a duvet on my bed. I’ll survive. I’ll deal with it tomorrow.”

“Ellen…can I help? Can I transfer money to your meter thingy or..I don’t know…buy you an electric heater or something?”

“You need the card to top up Daniel. I’m not even sure where’s open at this time of night anyway. And definitely don’t even think about an electric heater. I’d end up running my electric down too with something like that. They eat your power they do.”

“There must be something I can do. Actually I have a hot water bottle here. My mum bought me it one year when I injured my shoulder. She thought ice would melt and make my clothes wet. Don’t ask! At least let me bring that to you. What’s your address?”

Ellen closed the cupboard pulling herself up from the floor shivering with the cold and feeling fed up. She never gave out her address to anyone, other than Margo at the shop, yet here she was emotional and tired as she sighed quietly before giving her address to Daniel knowing exactly what he’d think of her cold bare maisonette, the only place she’d ever really called home since going into care as a child. Hanging up her mobile she sat back down pulling the blanket over her wishing she could hide under it and disappear. It wasn’t like anyone would miss her, especially once the refugees moved on.

&&

*205*2023-09-26 23:44

Ellen’s maisonette

Surprisingly Ellen answered right away, though she sounded different somehow: subdued, quiet. Worried he’d really upset her Daniel apologised quickly, even offering to see if there was any vacancies at the council for her. The idea of no longer working beside Ellen scared him and upset him much more than he ever thought possible so he secretly hoped Ellen might be willing to at least consider his offer despite her past disappointment with the system. Of course she thought the whole idea funny, but at least hearing her laugh made Daniel’s heart happy as he couldn’t help but smile hearing her contagious heartfelt giggle.

Now he felt like he had his Ellen back; the happy, vibrant, opinionated woman who wasn’t afraid to speak her mind or offend. Listening to her ranting about the fact the cruise ship was only there for a year again, which in her eyes wasn’t long enough to adequately rehouse everyone on board, Daniel found himself realising something he’d never even noticed before: Ellen had a naivety, a vulnerability about her that few ever got to see. In an attempt to show her just how incredible getting the tower block really was he mentioned casually that another option that was under consideration had been hotels. Of course Ellen reacted to that exactly how Daniel could have predicted, her feisty, protective personality coming to the forefront yet again. How he could so easily imagine her chaining herself to the gangway in protest! That was such an Ellen idea if ever there was one!

Reminding her that that wasn’t actually necessary Daniel found his emotions getting the better of him as hearing Ellen talking made him miss her so much. Still processing the idea that working together would end very soon he admitted easily just how badly he’d miss working with both her and the refugees. Hoping to arrange to have Ellen come back to his house after work one day soon again he was just hinting at the idea when a noise distracted him.

It was coming from Ellen’s end but it wasn’t a noise he could really place. Similar initially to maybe a smoke alarm with a dud battery or a distant car alarm from outside it was highly distracting and annoying. Ellen seemed to know what it was immediately though, which was something at least. That was until she sighed in frustration and Daniel started getting concerned. Piecing together the information, and recalling tenants talking of prepayment meters before at work, Daniel had enough knowledge to realise that running out of credit meant zero fuel, which on a cold late September evening wasn’t good at all.

Concerned for Ellen he felt helpless and frustrated as he suggested practical things he could do to support her. Ideally he much preferred the thought of her just coming to his but since Ellen hadn’t even mentioned that he didn’t want to sound presumptuous or too forward. Grabbing a post it note and a pencil from the kitchen drawer he scribbled down Ellen’s address as he reluctantly let her end the call. Running towards the sink cupboard he pulled it open urgently and dug around for the elusive hot water bottle that he was sure was there. Pushing open the door to a large storage cupboard he pulled a winter jacket off the coat hook behind the door and headed out the back door to his garage with the post it note in his hand. Typing the details into the built in sat nav he paused to get out the car and lock the garage again before following the directions carefully to Ellen’s house.

Heading out of the more affluent area of Hillington he drove towards the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital with its distinctive controller shaped building, passing industrial buildings and signs to Braehead and the motorway. Listening carefully he navigated his way through lights and junctions finding himself in unfamiliar streets full of overgrown gardens and broken fences. 

Feeling very out of place, and nervous about parking his car on the street, he pulled in front of a block of flats with smashed glass in the main front door and graffiti on the walls. Pressing to lock the car Daniel looked at it anxiously hearing a dog barking and someone shouting. Turning back to look at the building before pushing the creaking door open, with it’s security locks all hanging broken, Daniel felt his heart beating fast and his blood rushing with adrenaline. This wasn’t somewhere he wanted to be for a minute longer than necessary and the thought that Ellen was living here horrified him and terrified him in equal measure.

Checking the post it note that he had in his coat pocket he climbed the drafty dirty staircase and walked along the outside exposed terrace until he came to a green front door with a small dim light outside that blinkered like it might go out at any moment. Knocking on the door he put his hand deep into his coat pocket to cling tightly to his mobile looking both ways along the terrace incase someone was watching him. Ellen answered pretty quickly shivering in just her top and calf length leggings. Stepping inside he instantly wrapped his girlfriend in his arms holding her tightly as he kissed the top of her head.

Realising he was actually in the main front room and that there was no entrance hall to cut out the draft from the front door he glanced around at the basic room thinking of the many times he’d offered such properties to clients in the past as part of his job. Never having ever stopped to think before about how a client might actually be able to furnish or decorate such a house he was sobered by how Ellen had clearly tried her utmost to make the space seem habitable and homely. Being cold and having the persistent beeping constantly going on it felt anything but homely right now though as Daniel wanted to whisk Ellen away from there as fast as he could.

“Did you find the hot water bottle then?”

“I did. It’s in the car. It’s not going to do much though is it? How about you pack some stuff and come back to mine. I still haven’t had time to get that coconut milk and jasmine shower gel you mentioned so if you have any of that you should bring it too. We can sort that gas card of yours in the morning.”

“But I…I volunteer at the Crisis charity shop in town every Saturday. I can’t let them down.”

Determined that he wouldn’t take no for an answer Daniel looked Ellen in the eye noticing for the first time how much pain her eyes were hiding behind their natural sparkle and glow.

“You can come in your own car if you prefer then. Oh and don’t forget your gas card. Will that incessant beeping stop if you take the card out?”

“It only stops when it’s got credit in or the gas is turned off. I usually take the bus into town as the parking is awful.”

“Bring your car anyway. I’ll drop you off in town tomorrow if you’d like.”

“You sure?”

“Absolutely. I’ll collect you too, just until you get the gas back on. Now have you got that shower gel or not?”

“It’s in the bathroom upstairs.”

“Right. I’ll wait here then. Pack whatever you need. Oh and have you eaten yet?”

“I had something yeah.”

“Good. That’s good.”

Daniel smiled as he pointed to the staircase in the living room as Ellen headed upstairs. Nosying around to keep himself warm he found the small kitchen off the living room and instantly saw the dirty plate near the sink. Waking towards it he automatically went to wash it up, jumping in shock at the freezing cold water from the tap hitting his fingers, forgetting that without gas there wouldn’t even be any hot water.

*206*2023-09-27 10:24

{{10 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Beautifully written

}}

Thank you

*209*2023-09-28 00:34

Ellen takes Daniel up on his offer

Annoyed at herself yet again for needing someone to help her out Ellen felt her eyes welling up. All her life she’d been dependent, reliant on the generosity or hospitality of others, vulnerable and exposed. Getting her own place at last was supposed to end all that yet here she was shivering under a blanket listening to the gas meter beeping as a constant reminder of her inability to be an adult and pay her own way. No wonder so many foster parents couldn’t wait to pass her on like she was unwanted and some sort of curse. Now the one person she wanted to please more than ever would arrive soon and once more she’d be the charity case, the poor victim, the failure.

Wiping a tear from her eye she heard so many voices in her head repeating words to her that crippled and broke her over and over again until a noise brought her back to reality and she jumped up and ran to the door. She hated feeling desperate but seeing Daniel standing there in his warm coat and familiar smart suit underneath she suddenly felt a rush of emotions, so similar to the day less than a year ago when a stranger found her sleeping rough in a warehouse. Reminding herself that everyone has hard times in their lives at some point she couldn’t help but cling to her boyfriend as he threw his arms around her and held her tightly. What had been an unfamiliar smell when she last inhaled it when he came out the shower that morning now felt so comforting and relaxing as her body warmed against Daniel’s in her cold living room.

Looking up at him when she finally gathered her thoughts she remembered the phone call from earlier.

“Did you bring the hot water bottle then?”

Of course, typical man, he hadn’t even brought it up from the car! Had she not felt so cold and stressed she might have found that fact rather hilarious and ironic but looking at Daniel now, his face full of concern for her, she began wondering if he’d actually planned it all along. Maybe he did have a point though; a hot water bottle might help her get warm enough to sleep but it wouldn’t really make much difference to the overall situation, and with the never ending annoying beeping of the meter she’d struggle to sleep regardless. It seemed obvious really that she’d be much better off at his house but that also posed it’s own issues, not least of all how she’d get to town the next morning to work at the charity shop. Ever the problem solver Daniel was quick to find a solution as he encouraged Ellen to go and pack some things.

Relieved Daniel chose to stay downstairs so he wouldn’t see the bare floor of her bedroom Ellen quickly pulled out some clean underwear, a nighty and some clothing from her cheap plastic drawers tossing it all on a pile on the bed. Heading into the bathroom she picked up some shampoo and shower gel and her toothbrush and toothpaste and grabbed a brush from on top of the drawers. Wondering how to get the pile of belongings downstairs she returned downstairs finding Daniel by the kitchen sink with his back to her. Coming up behind him she tapped his back making him jump.

“You gave me a fright there! So where’s your bag then?”

“That’s what I’m down to get: a bag.”

Daniel looked at her puzzled as Ellen gently pushed him away from the sink to reach into the cupboard underneath. Pulling out a cheap roll of bin bags she tore one off and put the roll back before disappearing back out and upstairs. Throwing everything into the thin bag she tied it up and took it back downstairs. Daniel was now waiting by the couch pacing around impatiently. Seeing her as she got closer to the bottom he reached out to take the bag before looking her up and down.

“Is this everything? You might be better with a warmer coat too. That anorak won’t keep you very warm tonight. It’s a cold one.”

Thinking on the spot Ellen leaned over the couch and grabbed the blanket.

“I’ll take this too then. Your house will be warm though won’t it?”

Daniel nodded as he headed for the door as Ellen went to the cupboard with the meters in and bent down to get the gas card.

“Just a minute Daniel.”

Daniel paused by the door as Ellen closed the cupboard and caught up with him. Opening the door for him she stepped out behind him onto the terrace and locked up. Being careful on the steps to avoid anything sticky or dirty Ellen pushed the damaged main door open wrapping the blanket around her shoulders and pulling her anorak hood up against the rain. Seeing Daniel’s car, which stood out like a sore thumb, she watched as he walked towards it pressing to unlock it as she walked down the street towards her own vehicle alone. 

Suddenly realising that she didn’t actually know the way to Daniel’s properly she got into her cold car alone and started it up. Pulling out into the road she flashed Daniel to pull out in front of her as she followed closely behind him all the way to his house the opposite side of the hospital. As he pulled down the side of his house she wasn’t sure where she should park at first until she saw Daniel put his hand out his windows and wave her down towards his garage.

Leaving room for Daniel to close his garage doors as he pulled his car inside his garage she turned off her engine and removed her keys. This felt so so different to coming here the night before to finish work where they were both giddy with excitement and caught up in thoughts of each other. Now Ellen felt somehow much less than she’d felt the previous night, a burden and an inconvenience rather than sexy or attractive in any way. As the rain soaked her thick hair and the coldness made her body shiver she locked her car and followed Daniel in the back door of his expensive house feeling like an intruder and a tramp.

Standing awkwardly near the back door Daniel put her bin bag down and stepped closer to her wrapping his arms around her for a second time. Sounding more emotional than she could ever recall hearing him he leaned down to wipe her wet hair from her eyes as he lightly kissed her lips.

“I’m so sorry Ellen. I had no idea.”

Smiling up tearfully at his lovely brown face and gorgeous affectionate eyes Ellen cleared her throat to attempt to sound much stronger than she actually felt.

“Sorry for what? It’s me that forgot to top the gas up not you. Serves me right for staying out all last night at some man’s house doesn’t it?”

“Well in that case whoever he was should take some responsibility too. He sounds like a very lucky man though if you ask me. Having such a beautiful gorgeous woman like you staying over. You should introduce him to me one day you know.”

Unable to resist herself Ellen threw her arms around Daniel’s neck letting their lips meet yet again, this time more intensely and for longer. Pulling away only to pick up the blanket which had now fallen onto the floor from her shoulders Ellen winked up at Daniel as he started taking his coat off.

“Thank you. I really appreciate this you know.”

Looking right at her as he hung his coat over the back of a dining chair he winked back.

“You’ve welcome. At least this way you saved me the effort of having to look for that coconut milk and jasmine shower gel you asked for. Now before we unpack this bag of yours do you fancy a cuppa? I’ve not even had my dinner yet either if you’d like some. Don’t worry it’s not my cooking…it’s..”

Ellen watched as Daniel stepped towards the freezer and pulled out several Tupperware tubs.

“…Arabian lamb stew, or there’s lemon roast chicken thighs with mashed potatoes and vegetables, or there’s chicken shawarma with basmati rice. Any of these take your fancy?”

Ellen looked at Daniel with a mix of awe and bewilderment. Daniel raised his eyebrows.

“My mum. She batch cooks every weekend for the mosque and sends me home every Sunday with a weeks worth of dinners. She likes to know I’m eating well.”

“So you’ve never cooked yourself a dinner?”

Ellen watched rather amused as Daniel looked down at the tubs with a mix of embarrassment and guilt.

“Does reheating these count?”

Despite herself Ellen couldn’t help but burst out laughing as she stepped closer to open one of the tubs and inspect the frozen contents. It looked extremely appetising even before it was cooked as she resealed it and held it in her hands.

“How about we share this then…as long as you make the tea yourself that is?”

Daniel returned the remaining tubs to the freezer and closed it as he replied.

“I think I can just about manage that. Milk and no sugar?”

“Perfect!”

*210*2023-09-29 00:26

Getting more comfortable

As if the freezing water wasn’t enough of a shock Daniel’s mind raced in fear when he felt a tap on his shoulder unexpectedly. Thankfully it was only Ellen who had come back down to get a bag. Bemused to see her get a bin bag rather than a suitcase he moved back into the living area to wait for her to come back down. Taking the bin bag from her he was so glad to be leaving the property and getting back to check on his car. Dodging all sorts of marks and rubbish on the stairs he walked briskly towards his Audi watching Ellen out the corner of his eye as she walked a little way down the street to her own car and got in. Driving in front he lead the way back to his own much more comfortable and warm house as he once again locked his car in the garage with Ellen’s blocking it with her car at the side of the house.

Coming back into the kitchen his stomach rumbled reminding him that he hadn’t even had a chance to have his tea yet. Firstly though he had to do something even more important he wanted to do as he looked at Ellen in her thin anorak and instantly wrapped her in his arms again. Thinking about how much she had been struggling for all the time they had been working together in the last year, all while he was obliviously living a very different life not that far away, he felt a right mixture of guilt, sympathy and frustration all competing together. At least right now though Ellen was now safe and warm, though judging by what he’d seen, or more precisely what he hadn’t seen in her bare cupboards and fridge and freezer, she probably hadn’t eaten much for dinner tonight.

Opening the freezer he offered up what choices of meals he had left from his mum’s weekly servings, all of which sounded delicious to him right then as his body groaned for food again. So ok he had to admit that he was no cook and he depended on his mum providing dinner for him every night, but she was making it all anyway and it made her feel good knowing he appreciated them so what business was it of anyone else’s? Of course Ellen teased him, what else had he expected really, but it was nothing he couldn’t handle and it was so good to hear her laugh again despite everything.

Transferring the chosen meal into a heatproof dish he placed it in the oven while he filled the kettle with fresh water for tea and coffee. After years living alone it was great to have company for a second night on a row, and even better that it was someone as beautiful and lovely as Ellen. Making tea for Ellen and a coffee for himself Daniel placed the drinks on the dining table and sat down opposite Ellen who still had her anorak on.

“You still cold?”

“Not so much now.”

“Here, let me take your coat off then. There’s hooks here behind this cupboard door”

Taking his own coat and Ellen’s he hung them both up and closed the door, quickly returning to sit opposite Ellen and take a sip of his coffee.

“Your tea ok?”

“Delicious thanks. Just a bit hot still.”

Glancing at the bin bag near the door Daniel nodded towards it.

“We should maybe put your stuff away while this cools. I have a spare room if you’d rather sleep there. I mean not that I want you too just…”

Ellen smiled, one of her smiles that lit her whole face and made her eyes glimmer and sparkle.

“You’re such a gentleman Daniel. Whatever works best for you.”

Getting up from the dining chair Daniel picked up the bin bag and stepped towards Ellen kissing her on the cheek.

“Definitely my bed. If that’s ok with you?”

Ellen giggled, a sign Daniel hoped meant she was agreeing, as he carried the bag with Ellen coming close behind as they went upstairs where he placed the bag gently on the bed. Curious what Ellen had packed, but not feeling comfortable tipping it out, he stepped back to let Ellen open it as he watched her from near the door. Seeing Ellen pile some clothing on the bed he opened the wardrobe and cleared a shelf for her. As Ellen handed over items he neatly put them on the shelf until she handed him some knickers and some bras. 

Immediately getting turned on just touching those Daniel placed them neatly in front of the clothes before turning back to see Ellen now facing the bed wearing only her knickers! Struggling with his self control not to reach out and fondle her body he watched lustfully as she pulled something out the bag and over her head. With his eyes wide and his penis hard Ellen turned around to smile up at him blushing as he stared at her longingly. Now wearing an oversized nightly shirt that hung loosely over her large breasts and buttoned from the top to the bottom with short sleeves and a v style rather revealing neckline Daniel wanted Ellen like never before.

“You don’t mind me getting comfortable do you? I found this in a sale in Primark. A right bargain for just £1.50, though probably not what you were expecting eh?”

Following the neckline with his eyes as it rested in the middle between Ellen’s copious breasts, revealing just enough of both of them either side to make him desire so much more, Daniel raised his gaze back to Ellen’s eyes.

“Maybe I should get a bit more comfortable too if you’d like?”

“As long as you’re not going to slide that wardrobe open to reveal a teddy bear onesie or anything then that sounds good.”

Daniel laughed easily, the mere idea that he would even possess a onesie let alone a teddy bear one seeming so ludicrous that it amused him greatly. Sliding the wardrobe open the other side he looked back at Ellen struggling to speak for laughing.

“To be honest I don’t even own a pair of pyjamas let alone a onesie. But I did get these once as a secret Santa gift from someone in the office, though I confess I have yet to wear them. There’s a first time for everything though don’t you agree?”

Pulling out a pair of boxers still in their plastic wrapper Daniel pulled them open and held them in front of his suit trousers covering his crotch area. Vaguely remembering what they looked like he looked down at them as Ellen fell backwards onto the bed in laughter. Taking his suit jacket off and hanging it up Daniel undid his trousers, sliding both them and his damp trunks down before stepping into the tacky Christmas boxers still with his shirt and tie on. Pulling his tie undone and slowly unbuttoning his shirt Daniel looked down again at the candy cane covered boxer shorts pulling one leg up to read the message that had made Ellen laugh so heartily.

“Get your hard candy cane here!”

He dreaded to imagine which of his office colleagues had even dared to buy these for him but at least they’d got the size right…and the wording was more than applicable right now too!”

*211*2023-09-29 23:51

Daniel’s crazy suggestion

If there was one thing Ellen knew Daniel was gifted at it was making tea exactly how she liked it. Still feeling thirsty from her dry salty food earlier she sipped at the mug that Daniel passed her right away. As always it looked and tasted delicious, though still too hot to really drink yet. Daniel appeared to be looking at something over her shoulder now as Ellen turned to see what it was, catching Daniel’s eye again as he nodded towards the bin bag full of her belongings suggesting they should put it away while their drinks cooled.

Unsure where Daniel meant by ‘away’ Ellen followed him through into the bay windowed lounge and up the stairs, smiling nervously when Daniel mentioned a spare room. Thankfully he backtracked quickly as Ellen hoped he was just joking or being polite as she giggled anxiously when he then corrected himself to say he meant his own room all along. Following him into the room where she’d slept just the night before Ellen stepped nearer the bed where Daniel had placed her bin bag of belongings. 

Reminiscent of so many similar times unpacking at foster house after foster house as a child Ellen sat her clothes neatly on the bed until instructed to pass them to Daniel to put away in the wardrobe. Unlike moving as a child though this was only meant to be a one night sleepover, just until she could top up her gas meter, though she’d brought a choice of two outfits for the morning as she wasn’t sure what the weather would be like. Pulling out her wash things and hairbrush Ellen handed Daniel her clean underwear without even a thought.

Now left with just her favourite night shirt in the bag Ellen slipped her clothes off easily, including her bra but leaving her knickers on. With her back turned to Daniel she pulled the shirt over her head and let it fall loosely over her body and down to her knees. Turning round expecting. Daniel to show her where to put her shower gel and shampoo she couldn’t help but stare at her boyfriend’s very obvious bulge as his eyes looked her up and down, pausing at the neckline of her shirt for what seemed like an age. Suddenly self conscious Ellen immediately started talking, something she’d come to rely on over the years to cover her embarrassment in similar situations.

Using her nightshirt as a conversation point things moved on very quickly and before she knew it Ellen was in hysterics at Daniel pulling out some Christmas underwear he’d apparently received as a secret Santa gift. As if it wasn’t hilarious enough that the tight material was pattered entirely of red and white stripped candy canes Ellen laughed raucously and loudly, even falling over onto the bed, when she read the naughty writing on the front. Trying her best to calm down and act more like an adult again Ellen was just starting to recover when Daniel causally commented that at least they were the right size when Ellen couldn’t stop laughing all over again. Either Daniel liked his underwear so tight you could see every grove of his penis or he was being sarcastic, both of which somehow amused Ellen greatly.

Trying a second time to calm down Ellen sat on the end of the bed and reached over for her toiletries.

“I take it you’d prefer these in your bathroom and not the wardrobe?”

Between laughs Daniel somehow pointed to the en-suite as Ellen walked towards it and put her things on a shelf in the shower cubicle. Finally able, just about, to look at Daniel without laughing she returned to the bedroom walking past the double bed towards the door to the hallway.

“Is it ok if I go back down for my tea now? All that laughing has made my throat dry.”

“Of course. Though wearing these things I feel like I should be putting milk and cookies out for Santa!”

Walking down the stairs with Daniel close behind her Ellen giggled again.

“As long as it’s cookies and not a candy cane. I’ll never be able to look at those things the same way ever again now!”

“And when I return to the office in two weeks I’ll never be able to look at my colleagues the same way again either because I’ll always be wondering who bought me these!”

“Whoever it was clearly thinks you’re a small anyway.”

“I’d rather not think about any of my colleagues evaluating and discussing what size underwear I wear thanks very much!”

Reaching the dining table and sitting down to drink her tea again Ellen watched as Daniel sat down before meeting his eyes.

“But you don’t seem to mind me knowing and yet we’re colleagues are we not?”

“You, Ellen Hemmingdale, get special privileges though. Anyway we might not be colleagues for much longer after what you told me earlier today. If you don’t mind me asking how will you keep that gas card thing topped up when your job ends?”

Gulping the now room temperature tea down in one go Ellen paused to think before replying to Daniel.

“The truth? I’ve not worked that one out yet. The price of everything is crazy right now between food, gas, electricity and broadband. And those are just the essentials too. What with my car loan, road tax, insurance, petrol, and rent, which my bloody landlord has the cheek to put up in a few months too, I really need to get my arse in gear and start job hunting in earnest. I kept telling myself I’d do it soon but…it just seems pretty depressing really.”

“See it as a fresh start. You never know you might even end up getting something even better. What about asking around with the other charities you work with on the ship? Have you mentioned to Celine? She might know of something going?”

“I suppose. It’s much more than a job though really. It’s the friendships with the refugees. Seeing Ihor take his first steps, hearing Mykhaila bringing a reading book to me after school for the first time and seeing how proud she was to be able to read English. Getting excited about Tetyana’s and Dmitro’s baby, feeling so proud of Taras for going public with his love for Vladislav. That’s what it’s all about for me. Helping them all to be the best they can be, getting them access to everything they need to live well, seeing them happy. It will be so hard to replace that Daniel. I’ve grown to love them all. They are like the family I never knew.”

Looking down at the dining table as Daniel raised his mug to his mouth and finished his coffee Ellen sat quietly thinking and worrying.

“You know if it wasn’t for the fact I would be lost without you here I’d say you should apply to Dundee council for the housekeepers job at Tulloch Court. I honestly couldn’t think of a better person for that job. You know all the refugees already, they love you and trust you and if anyone can make sure Keith keeps to his word and does all that he’a promised it’s you.”

Slowly raising her eyes until they once again met Daniel’s Ellen felt an excitement rise within her that she hadn’t felt since getting the keys to her maisonette five months ago.

“You know Daniel Omari I think I could kiss you right now.”

“Feel free. Thought I should really get that food out the oven in a minute if you’d still like some?”

Ellen winked at Daniel as he stood up and walked towards the oven.

“That smells delicious. Remind me later that I owe you that kiss though!”

“There’s no way I’ll forget that. No way at all!”

*212*2023-09-30 23:39

Daniel struggles to relax

Feeling liberated and free chatting to Ellen so easily wearing just a pair of tight silly Christmas boxers Daniel followed Ellen downstairs and back into the kitchen still laughing and joking. Smelling the dinner cooking he swallowed the last of his coffee listening to Ellen as she shared openly about her work and financial worries. Standing up to get the food out the oven Daniel felt a crazy idea spring to mind as he half joked to Ellen about applying for the caretakers job in Dundee. Dishing up the hot food he could tell right away that Ellen seemed keen on the idea as he began wondering if he’d made a big mistake knowing he would be utterly heartbroken if she ever moved away.

Bringing the two plates and some cutlery over to the dining table Daniel decided to change the subject quickly.

“I hope you like this. It was one of my dad’s favourites. We used to have it with freshly made Nan bread or even in a wrap sometimes for lunch.”

Pouring out two glasses of iced water Daniel sat down opposite Ellen watching avidly as she forked some of the chicken shawarma and basmati rice into her mouth. Feeling relieved and delighted when she nodded and smiled and filled her fork again Daniel began eating his own dinner at last, his lips salivating in anticipation. Both of them clearly more hungry than they’d realised the meal passed quickly, especially so as the portions were half of what Daniel was used to. Clearing away the empty plates and used cutlery Daniel left the half empty glasses still on the table as he moved over to the sink and immediately began washing up.

Letting the hot tap run for a minute to heat up fully Daniel turned to look at Ellen smiling at her feeling so happy to have her back for a second evening.

“You warm enough there in just that nightshirt?”

Ellen appeared to nod, though Daniel thought her mind was perhaps elsewhere as she looked distracted and a bit restless. Turning back to wash up the dishes he picked up the dish sponge, immediately moving his legs as the warm water rushed over the back of his hand. Trying his best to ignore the sudden strong urge to pee that the water seemed to initiate he glanced over at Ellen and tensed his muscles. Placing the clean dishes on the rack to dry he dried his hands on a tea towel and turned back to face Ellen. Whilst her lips were smiling and her eyes were sparkling she still seemed rather quiet and slightly pale. Feeling slightly chilly himself in only his tight boxers Daniel went back to the cupboard where he’d hung the coats earlier and pulled out a blanket.

“Come on, let’s relax next door eh. We could put this over our legs if you’d like?”

Normally more a racing watcher, especially car racing, or documentaries, Daniel sat down on the couch with Ellen snuggled beside him as he spread the blanket over their legs and turned the TV on.

“There’s sky plus, Netflix, or Apple TV. You can choose whatever you like.”

Passing the remote to Ellen he helped her navigate through the plethora of channels until she settled on The Titanic movie and pressed play. Seeing the length of it Daniel grimaced hoping Ellen didn’t see. Whilst he wasn’t absolutely desperate for the toilet quite yet he already knew he’d never be able to hold on for over three hours. Hoping they weren’t going to actually watch it for that long though he settled back, his arm around Ellen contently as the movie began.

Although he’d never actually watched the movie before Daniel was all too familiar with its plot as the thought of scene after scene of water and sea and waves made him shuffle a little on the couch. When Ellen seemed to shuffle a bit too Daniel kissed her lightly on her head as he stroked her hair with his finger and asked her quietly.

“Are you ok?”

She didn’t say anything, though she wriggled a little more before nodding. Trying to get into the film but struggling Daniel felt the arm that was under Ellen starting to ache. Sliding it out from behind her he felt Ellen changing position yet again as he moved his hand under the cover and onto Ellen’s thigh. She didn’t object at all as her eyes remained focussed on the TV. Feeling another tingle in his penis Daniel used his free hand to adjust himself under the blanket wondering if it might be prudent to excuse himself but deciding he could wait for a little bit longer yet.

Watching the film for a bit longer it was once again Ellen who moved first, this time pushing herself back into the couch more and sitting up a bit stiffer. Letting his hand on her thigh move ever so slightly further up her leg Daniel felt his own leg tapping slightly as another twinge hit. Riding it out he swirled his foot around at the ankle tensing his leg a little to wade away the feeling. Feeling a movement on the couch Daniel’s eyes noticed the blanket on Ellen’s leg twitching as he heard a soft tapping and wondered if Ellen was maybe tapping her leg for some reason. Deciding it wasn’t really appropriate to mention it he faced the TV again trying to concentrate on what was going on in the film, though his mind wasn’t focussed much on the screen at all.

Wondering if Ellen might be struggling too Daniel was pleasantly surprised when she slid her hand down and naturally rested it on top of his hand on her upper leg, the touch of her skin making his penis start to grow and swell. Aware that his need to pee was increasing constantly now he was so glad of the distraction, hoping that getting aroused might help him wait even longer.

Pretending to watch the film for a little bit, though his mind was on much more interesting things, Daniel suddenly felt Ellen jiggle around quite a bit as the blanket slid onto the floor. Picking it up and pulling it back over his legs he turned towards Ellen to pull the blanket over her too to see she now had her legs crossed so he could no longer touch her thigh. Reaching for her knee instead Ellen jerked slightly at his touch as he heard her draw in a breath through her teeth quietly. Stroking her knee reassuringly as he felt a strong urge to piss Daniel subtly adjusted his penis again now aware that Ellen’s knee was moving, almost bouncing, as it finally occurred to him that she more than likely had to pee every bit as much as he did.

*217*2023-10-01 18:55

{{4 hours ago, rebeljaffa said:

The only thing that puzzles me slightly is they haven't had a really good conversation about it when it's obviously a huge kink for them both. It seems that after they have sex they're straight into something else without ever really talking about the elephant in the room.

}}

I think this is most likely because they haven’t actually had time to talk deeply about anything given the tight deadlines they are working to at work. They do seem to move from one thing to another very quickly both at work and outwith it. Maybe the thought that Ellen might move away might change things but you never know.l.

*219*2023-10-01 23:35

Ellen’s silent struggle

Ellen was surprised just how hungry she still was despite having had something to eat back at her own home. Not only was this meal much warmer and fresher but it tasted so much better too. Still thinking over Daniel’s suggestion of applying for the caretakers job in Dundee she was more than happy to continue eating without much conversation. Sipping at the iced water Daniel had poured out in between mouthfuls of her meal there was one other thing weighing on Ellen’s mind that she wanted to raise with Daniel as soon as they had finished eating; the fact she needed to use his loo.

Just as he had done the previous evening Ellen then watched as Daniel immediately took the empty plates and dirty cutlery to the sink and preceded to start washing up right away. The sound of the running water almost made Ellen blurt out her need but she reminded herself that surely it wouldn’t take more than a few minutes to wash just two plates and a few pieces of cutlery. Tensing her muscles she felt the hairs on her arm stand up as the kitchen began cooling now the oven was no longer on.

Daniel seemed to notice she was a little cold, sitting only in her short sleeved nightshirt and knickers as she watched him open the cupboard where he’d hung the coats and pull out a blanket. Curious why he hadn’t just picked up the blanket she’s brought with her she smiled innocently at him as he invited her into the living room to relax. Walking though under the arch Ellen was sure Daniel had mentioned the night before about having a downstairs loo as she looked around curiously hoping to see it. Distracted she sat down beside Daniel on his couch feeling much warmer and snug cuddled into him with the blanket over her legs. Hoping her need to wee might somehow disappear for a bit she was fascinated and amazed at the sheer amount of TV channels Daniel had available via satellite and streaming services. Feeling a little excited at getting to choose what they watched Ellen took her time scrolling though for several minutes until she settled on one of her favourite films: Titanic.

Daniel seemed in agreement so Ellen pressed play looking forward to seeing Rose meet Jack all over again and the whole romance of their relationship despite the tragic ending. Momentarily forgetting her body’s need she tried snuggling into Daniel as the film started and Rose came into shot. It wasn’t long though before she felt she had to shuffle a little to distract her mind from the building pressure in her bladder. Embarrassed that she appeared to disturb Daniel from the movie she nodded silently when he asked if she was ok. She’d have been much more comfortable if she could only tear herself away from the movie but she knew it wasn’t going to be much longer before Jack appeared and she wasn’t going to miss Leonardo DiCaprio for anything! As the plot built up quickly and Rose headed for the railing about to throw her self overboard Ellen found herself wriggling more but determined to watch as Jack talked her down.

Now feeling Daniel’s warm hand resting on her thigh under the blanket Ellen found herself lost in the moment as Rose and Jack met for the first time and her eyes misted over. Focussed on the dramatics of the movie with it’s incredible soundtrack and believable characters Ellen refused to allow the increasing pressure in her bladder distract her as she instinctively pushed back further into the couch and leant forward, aware that Daniel’s hand was slowly creeping up her thigh but enjoying it immensely. Feeling her legs moving almost involuntarily Ellen was briefly aware that she was rhythmically tapping the bottom of the couch with her heel as she kept her eyes on the TV despite feeling the need to wee getting stronger and stronger by the second.

Longing to hold herself Ellen slid one hand onto her thigh on top of Daniel’s as his thumb now reached the edge of her knickers. Wriggling subtly and struggling to keep still she accidentally knocked the blanket onto the floor. As Daniel removed his hand to pick the blanket up another strong urge hit suddenly and Ellen had to cross her legs tightly in order not to leak. Distracted, but equally determined to watch the movie, Ellen pulled her legs tighter and bounced her knee anxiously, jumping as Daniel touched her causing her to take in a sharp intake of air. Realising that the film wasn’t even half way through Ellen debated to herself about reaching for the remote and pausing it to ask to use Daniel’s loo but instead she placed her hand on top of Daniel’s and moved it so he now had his hand where she’d wanted hers for almost an hour. Squeezing against his hand she pushed in and out desperately trying to hold her overfull bladder at least until the movie finished.

Still not uttering a word about her strong need to pee Ellen pulled herself forward on the couch and uncrossed her legs as Jack finally began sketching a topless picture of Rose.

“Oh this part is lovely Daniel. It’s so intense. They don’t even need words. You can just feel it building between them so much can’t you?”

Glancing at Daniel’s face Ellen saw his eyes glisten and his dark skin flush as her legs squirmed against his hand.

“Oh definitely. The tension is so strong and he’s absolutely gagging for her. There’s no way they’re not going to take things further very soon that’s for certain.”

“I love how they build this up slowly even though you can predict exactly what will happen. It’s captivating isn’t it?”

“Oh it’s definitely that Ellen. Exciting, dramatic, but edging on dangerous too don’t you think?”

Ellen agreed softly, placing her hand on top of Daniel’s again and encouraging him to push against her throbbing body as she wriggled and squirmed fighting against her now urgent desire to wee but still not wanting to miss the movie or mention to Daniel just how bursting she felt. She might not make it to the end of the film but she was determined to try anyway.

*223*2023-10-02 22:21

Not deliberately keeping everyone in suspense. The next chapter will be out tomorrow. Loving seeing so many of you guessing what might happen next.

*224*2023-10-03 22:34

Daniel tries to go

With Ellen’s knee bouncing with his hand on it Daniel felt his arousal growing as Ellen placed her hand on top of his again and moved it to between her legs. Whilst it felt incredibly sexy having his hand on top of Ellen’s knickers under her night shirt Daniel also felt his wrist aching slightly as Ellen squeezed and pushed against it. Thankfully she didn’t keep her legs crossed long though as she opened them again just as a new scene on the movie began with the artist Jack sketching a topless Rose. With Ellen engrossed and commenting on the screen in front of her Daniel felt the back of his hand firm against the couch as his fingers explored the crotch of Ellen’s knickers as she now rocked steadily against his hand and the couch with her back leaning forwards and her feet on the floor.

Less interested in the film than he ever was Daniel’s words to Ellen were far more related to what they were doing than anything they were watching, though Ellen only appeared to have eyes for the TV. Glancing to see what was happening on the film he had to use his other hand to grab his penis in his tight underwear as a strong spasm from his bladder threatened to empty its entire contents right there and then! Wresting with his own now urgent pressure Daniel attempted to hint strongly at the idea of pausing the movie.

“It’s going on a bit isn’t it?”

“Oh but it’s so good! There’s so much chemistry going on and they haven’t even kissed yet. It’s just all so romantic.”

“Mmmm. The good thing about watching it at home though is that you can stop it if you really want to.”

“But that ruins the atmosphere don’t you think. Oh you have to watch this bit…she runs out and he follows her. Oh this is one of my absolute favourite bits…”

“What about I make us both a drink or a snack?”

“I’m fine thanks. Shhh. Look at that sunset. Oh here it comes…you must have seen this bit before? You can tell right away that they’re about to kiss. It’s so beautiful!”

Trying to edge his hand out from under Ellen, not because he wasn’t loving where it was but simply because he HAD to go pee, Daniel wriggled on the couch beside Ellen awkwardly. Ellen, still with her eyes fixed on the film, proceeded to simply push down against his hand even firmer than before as she wriggled from side to side desperately. Checking the screen to see Rose and Jack kissing Daniel grabbed his dick helplessly as he hoped they wouldn’t linger in each other’s arms on the screen long.

“Is this it coming to an end now?”

“Oh goodness no! There’s still the car bit and the sea bit and…are you ok Daniel?”

Tightly grabbing his dick with one hand and his other hand trapped under Ellen’s knickers Daniel squirmed as best as he could. Embarrassed, but so desperate to piss, he bit his lip and looked down at the floor nervously.

“Actually my hand and wrist are getting a bit stiff and sore. Sorry.”

Ellen leaned to the side allowing Daniel to slide his hand out from under her. Immediately placing his free hand on top of his other one over his quivering penis Daniel stood up awkwardly.

“You keep watching honey. I’ll be right back!”

Taking a step in front of Ellen to make a mad dash for his downstairs loo Daniel had his eye firmly where he was heading when he found his body pulled back by a firm grip on his arm. Turning around his saw Ellen standing up, her face tense and her legs bouncing constantly.

“At least wait until I’ve given you that kiss I owe you. There’s no ship’s bow or beautiful sunset, and I’m certainly no Kate Winslet, oh and I sincerely hope you don’t have a half naked painting of me…but…I did promise you earlier and I always keep my promises.”

“I’ll just be a min…”

Daniel hadn’t even finished his sentence when he felt Ellen’s warm moist lips against him as her hands clasped around his face and her legs squirmed. Feeling his half erect penis shaking and trembling in his tight Christmas boxers Daniel pleaded with his body to think sexy thoughts, hold his muscles tight and ignore the mounting pressure in his abdomen. As Ellen kissed deeper while Titanic played in the background Daniel felt a warmth at the head of his penis as he prayed silently that it was precum despite not even being fully erect. Holding Ellen’s sides with both hands he gently pushed her back trying to smile through clenched teeth.

“I’m…I think I’m going to piss myself!”

Ellen smiled back, a twinkle in her eye that Daniel recognised well.

“You know what happens to Rose and Jack next don’t you Daniel?”

“Emmm…can you tell me when I come back from the toilet babe?”

“They make love in the back of a car. We should try that sometime don’t you think? You know I’ve always wanted to reenact a film like this.”

Before he could even pull away Ellen had both her hands on Daniel’s arms as she turned him around and gently pushed him onto the sofa so he was lying down. Not even giving him time to haul himself up she pulled her nightshirt over her head, pulled her knickers down and threw her large naked body over Daniel’s leaning down to whisper in his ear as the sound of the movie faded into the background.

“You’ve not the only one desperate to pee you know. In fact I could happily burst all over you right now! The thing is I’m also very horny right now too. You know you’re a very sexy man when you have a very full bladder. How about I just check if it’s as full as you say it is my treasure…”

Daniel gulped feeling the head of his penis swell with warmth and moisture, throbbing and shaking with the most aching desire to piss everywhere that he could ever remember. Feeling Ellen’s firm hot hands running down his bare hairy chest towards his swollen bladder his whole body shook under Ellen’s weight even as he felt Ellen’s crotch gyrating against his thigh.

*225*2023-10-04 23:15

Ellen gets what she wants

Immersed in Titanic and the intense relationship between Jack and Rose Ellen now needed Daniel’s hand between her legs more than ever. Wriggling and rocking against him for all she was worth Ellen felt a little irritated when Daniel appeared restless and began asking how much longer the move had left. To make things worse he was now complaining that his wrist hurt as she lifted her bottom up at one side to allow him to slide it out, much to her frustration.

After asking if she wanted a snack or a drink Daniel seemed almost agitated now as he moved to stand up blocking Ellen’s view of the TV. Highly aroused and utterly desperate for a wee Ellen stood up quickly grabbing Daniel by the arm as she begged him to stay by kissing him. Cupping his head in her hands she realised just how much she had been longing for him all night long as her tongue explored every orifice of his mouth eagerly. Most unlike Daniel though he wasn’t reciprocating like normal, and actually acting rather stressed. Being pushed back by his hands on her side Ellen gawped at him wondering what was going on.

Suddenly everything made sense as Ellen eyed Daniel from head to crotch and back up again as he whimpered about being about to piss himself. Processing the words Ellen couldn’t help herself as arousal surged through her body cursing through her veins like adrenaline as she felt a strength come from nowhere as she shook Daniel’s arms off and grabbed his arms in her hands, turning his shaking body and pushing him down onto the couch. Needing him as urgently as her next breath she was stripped naked in a fraction of a second and on top of Daniel before he even knew what had happened, his whimpering and squirming only adding to her desire.

Keen to tease Daniel and get him back for the many times he’d delayed her deliberately when she had a similar need Ellen ran her sweaty hands down Daniel’s chest and abdomen and onto his swollen full bladder. With Daniel whimpering, moaning and squirming under her naked body Ellen rocked steadily against his thigh edging closer and closer to both orgasm and full bladder relief. Knowing only too well how agonising it was to have someone push on a distended bladder Ellen giggled like a naughty child as her palms pressed down on Daniel’s lower stomach as he twisted and groaned.

“Stop! Please Ellen! Stop! I’m leaking! I’m gonna burst!”

“If I can hold on then surely you can too honey?”

“But…but you’re leaning on my bladder! I can’t do this anymore…please let me go!”

“Fuck me first and then you can go!”

“Feck Ellen I’m squirting piss! Can you please get off my bladder baby! I’ll do anything you want if you just let me bloody piss!”

Her eyes sparkling with need and her vagina throbbing and soaking wet Ellen sat up lifting her hands off Daniel’s body as she gazed down at the large wet area on his red candy cane boxers.

“So is the candy cane inside those pants worth a lick do you think?”

“After I go to the toilet maybe?”

“Who said anything about going there?”

“Seriously honey I’ll do anything, let you do anything, if you just let me up please? Unless you want covered in piss that is!”

“Actually that does sound rather appealing now you mention it.”

Wriggling down Daniel’s legs slightly Ellen reached down to Daniel’s crotch fondling all over where he had already leaked badly relishing in the facial expressions on Daniel’s face then pulling the tight damp material right at Daniel’s testicles aside and reaching in to pull his damp floppy penis out.

“Aren’t you enjoying this then?”

“You know you turn me on Ellen. So much. But I just need a fucking piss right now. I’m begging you sweetheart, please let me go!”

“But I’m not stopping you going am I?”

Amused at Daniel’s expression as his teeth ground together and his eyes closed tightly with his entire face tensed and squeezed Ellen decided to tease her poor boyfriend even more. Pushing up on her knees, which were now either side of Daniel’s legs on the couch, she angled her own vagina as close to Daniel’s twitching penis sticking out the edge of his tight boxers as she carefully relaxed her own muscles just enough to allow a spurt of warm urine to shoot out onto Daniel’s penis, testicles and underwear.. Leaning back just in time to watch how this affected Daniel she had to push her own hand hard between her legs to prevent more wee escaping as her knuckles and back of her hand suddenly became warm and wet as a long spurt of almost clear urine hit her harndand ran down her thigh. Staring at Daniel’s peeing penis in awe Ellen immediately let go of her own body and tightly clasped her finger and thumb over the tip of Daniel’s penis to clamp it closed.

“Hold it baby. Hold it!”

“I can’t! I’m bursting!”

“Does this help?”

Squeezing Daniel’s penis hard whilst letting her fingers gently stroke the length of Daniel’s manhood Ellen felt thrilled as the damp dick in her hand began growing and swelling.

“Mmmmm”

“You’re a bit squished though aren’t you? Does this help?”

Twisting her bottom around and swinging her legs over Daniel’s Ellen climbed off the couch still gripping Daniel’s penis tightly with one hand. Letting it go she heard Daniel whimper like an animal as she watched some more pee leak into his boxers just as she pulled his legs up and used both hands to yank his wet underwear down his legs and over his feet. Feeling drops of urine running down her thighs and inside legs Ellen squirmed like mad as she pulled Daniel’s legs around to face the front before quickly sitting down next to Daniel again squirming against the seat.

“I could actually fuck your couch I have to cum and wee so bad!”

Laughing at the thought Ellen turned to look at Daniel’s face as their eyes met as she heard another squirt of pee escape onto the floor.

“Don’t make me laugh Ellen! I’m dying for a whizz!”

Unable to control her urges any longer Ellen grabbed Daniel’s penis again with one hand and began quickly rubbing it up and down with her whole hand around it as her other hand massaged her own sapping vagina as she rocked against her own hand equally desperate to pee and climax simultaneously. Hearing how this was affecting Daniel Ellen closed her eyes as she tried to control her own bodily urges feeling closer and closer to the edge.

Suddenly she felt her own hand being pulled from her body as another larger firmer hand took over. Moaning and shaking Ellen gasped as things intensified quickly as her muscles eased their grip and a long spurt of urine shot out her at force drenching Daniel’s hand as she squeezed and stroked Daniel quicker and quicker.

“Don’t stop Daniel! Don’t! I’m so desperate to wee but…oh…I think I’m gonna cum! Just don’t stop!”

“Mmmmm. Same here baby! Oh fuck you’re good!”

With her legs tense and shaking and her bum barely remaining on the couch Ellen felt everything in her body gathering pace at an uncontrollable rate as Daniel slid several fingers in and out of her freely as his hand squelched with a mixture of warm urine and mucus. As another long and very strong spurt of urine burst out from between her legs and down the front of the couch Ellen yelled in ecstasy as she climaxed on such a high that she let go of Daniel’s penis leaving him to have to finish himself off. Watching the thicker white semen explode from Daniel’s penis Ellen sat back on the couch refocusing quickly on the TV still playing as Titanic finally came to its own crescendo with Jack and Rose reunited on the grand staircase as the familiar music theme played and the credits began to roll.

