The Red And The Yellow

Author: Male

*000*2017-08-24 00:05

Business meetings at the Shānzhài Corporation were long, and drinking was heavy. This would have been fine, except that the new boss forbade anyone to leave these interminable meetings, and not everyone was graced with such a large bladder as he. As Wú Yànyàn downed yet another glass of báijiǔ in a toast to future success, she pressed her other hand into her skirt and silently begged whatever deities might exist for the strength to endure the rest of the meeting and then get to the toilet downstairs.

Whatever deities there were weren't listening. Her bladder ached for release, and her legs were trembling from the strain of holding back the tide. She crossed them as tightly as she could, but it wasn't lessening the pain enough. While she was trying to remain optimistic about the situation, getting to the ladies' room before the agony forced her to yield seemed increasingly unlikely.

Sitting next to her, Zhāng Wěi noticed Wú Yànyàn's distress, and also speculated on whether she would be able to maintain her dignity in these circumstances. The baser instincts in him lusted to see urine trickle down her legs, but, as a gentleman, he wished that she wouldn't be publicly humiliated.

"You look like you really need to pee," he whispered to her. "Do you think you'll be OK?"

"Honestly, I don't know..." she whispered back, tears coming to her eyes. Not only was she risking humiliation in front of all her work colleagues, but right next to a handsome man she really should have mustered the courage to ask out by now. The businesswoman's life wasn't nearly as glamourous as she had been led to believe.

Zhāng Wěi thought of saying "if you have an accident, I don't mind," but thought better of it, not wanting to seem too creepy in front of a beautiful woman he really should have mustered the courage to ask out by now. He felt ashamed at himself for getting an erection, but it couldn't be helped. This was the stuff of fantasy, of dirty Japanese videos shamefully masturbated to alone at night. But, once removed from fantasy, there was the necessity of compassion for the poor lady's predicament which added far more guilt to the arousal than anyone could ever want.

In these meetings, seniors spoke - and my, did they speak - and juniors listened. Both Wú Yànyàn and Zhāng Wěi found it difficult to even feign attention to their self-congratulatory speeches, but they did what they could to not look conspicuous. Under the table, though, Wú Yànyàn was shifting in her seat and clutching her bladder through her skirt, and Zhāng Wěi had a sizable lump in his trousers. How much longer could this go on for? Wú Yànyàn fought back the tears as she sought any strength she had left in her to endure the pain just a few minutes more. She was impressed with how long she'd been able to stay dry, clenching through surges of desperation without feeling the dreaded wet warmth in her knickers. Hopefully she could keep going - or, rather, keep from going - until the meeting was over. Hopefully.

Finally, finally, the meeting ended. Wú Yànyàn breathed a sigh of relief, then clenched with all the strength she had left as the slight relaxation almost made her leak. Somehow, she'd managed to find the strength to hold through the meeting, but actually getting to the toilet was another question entirely. She had to get there. She had to...

"I guess you're going for a pee, then," said Zhāng Wěi, covering his erection with his briefcase as he stood up. "I'm going as well, so we can meet up outside the toilets if you want."

"Thanks for the offer..." Wú Yànyàn said, as she tried to muster the strength to get up without leaking. "I really, really need to go..."

Clutching her briefcase in one hand and her bladder in the other, Wú Yànyàn stood up. A spasm of desperation struck her, and she squirmed on the spot, bending over from the pain. Zhāng Wěi could hardly believe his eyes. A gorgeous woman was potty dancing in front of him in a very revealing miniskirt. This was the best evening he could remember, which said a lot for the sad state of his life.

Recovering as much as she could, Wú Yànyàn began her agonising walk to the toilets, grimacing from the strain of holding it in. Going down those stairs would be unbearable. Once she got to the top of the flight, she squirmed on the spot again, desperately trying to steel herself for the walk down. Zhāng Wěi stood next to her, in awe of her body writhing in anguish. He had to be professional. Much as he desired to, he mustn't suggest that she just let go in her skirt in front of him. He stayed respectfully silent as she took the first step down the stairs. It was OK! She was still dry. Now another step...now another step...this was fine. She was going to get there, just in time. Sure enough, there was the sign for the toilets, and there was no queue. Sometimes there were advantages to being the only woman in the meeting.

Wú Yànyàn's brief relaxation turned to absolute horror as she felt a warm spurt in her knickers. She'd heard of the psychological effect of seeing a toilet on desperation before, but she never thought it would befall her. She dropped her briefcase and plunged both hands into her skirt to stop the leak. She managed, but it was too late; a trickle of urine was snaking down her leg.

"Fuck!" she shouted, not caring at all if her superiors heard her swear. "Fuck, fuck...I'm pissing myself..." The first tear trickled down her cheek. She tried to step forwards towards the toilets, but that only led to a fresh leak warming her knickers. After another step, she gave in. Urine gushed down her legs and soaked her skirt as tears flowed from her eyes. Wú Yànyàn may have been the prettiest girl with the best grades in her school, but all that meant nothing to her exhausted sphincter, which just couldn't take it any more. The humiliating relief brought a rush of emotions to her that she simply couldn't process.

Watching this all from beside her, Zhāng Wěi struggled not to orgasm. Trying to think how a gentleman would react to this situation, he picked up Wú Yànyàn's briefcase. The other men in the queue for the men's toilet shook their heads and grumbled to each other. This woman might be good at her job, but her bladder control certainly left something to be desired.

"I can't believe this," said Wú Yànyàn. "I'm so sorry...I couldn't hold it..."

"I can't believe this either," said Zhāng Wěi. Seeing the emotional agony Wú Yànyàn was going through made him feel even guiltier about his erection, but the testosterone was flowing through him. To hell with protocol, he was going to ask Wú Yànyàn to come home with him - after she'd cleaned up, that is.

"You go and clean yourself up, and I'll meet you here," he said. "Do you want your briefcase back?"

"Yeah, thanks," she said, trying to force a smile. She took the briefcase and walked into the toilet cubicle, her wet skirt sticking to her legs. Once inside, she cleaned her legs with toilet paper, and wrung her knickers out over the toilet. She had to decide between wearing the clammy knickers home or stuffing them in her skirt pocket and going bare underneath. She chose the latter; someone seeing her genitals couldn't make her humiliation any worse. She'd ruined her chance of scoring with Zhāng Wěi forever; who'd want to date a girl who pissed herself in public, however hot or smart she was? This was the worst night of her life.

Emerging from the toilet, she found Zhāng Wěi waiting outside, as he promised.

"Hey," he said. "Do you want to...come home with me tonight? You must feel awful, and I'm pretty good at making girls feel good...I'm sorry if this isn't the time, that came out wrong..."

Wú Yànyàn couldn't believe her ears. Her most attractive colleague had just invited her home for sex when she'd just pissed herself in front of him. He was obviously taking advantage of her when she was emotionally vulnerable, but, being emotionally vulnerable, she didn't care. Fucking a hot guy would restore the self esteem which had gushed out of her onto the floor a few minutes earlier.

"Yeah, sure," she said. "Sex would be great. I've actually had a crush on you since I met you..." She blushed.

"Same," said Zhāng Wěi. "Come on, I'll get a taxi."

To be continued...

*003*2017-08-24 09:43

As she stepped out into the steamy Guǎngzhōu night, Wú Yànyàn's heart was racing. The prospect of sex was already making her excited, and wearing no knickers made her even more so. Zhāng Wěi approached the cab driver and told him his address, then opened the back door, shifted over to the far seat, and beckoned Wú Yànyàn to get in. Being far more careful than usual not to expose herself, she climbed into the seat next to Zhāng Wěi and did up her seat belt.

"Your lady friend looks like she's been crying," said the cab driver as he drove away. "I hope you're going to be nice to her, she's very beautiful."

"Yeah..." said Wú Yànyàn. "I...oh, this is so embarrassing, I can't say..."

"She wet herself, right?" he asked.

"Yeah," said Wú Yànyàn, another pang of humiliation sweeping her. "How did you know?"

"You smell of pee," said the cab driver, "and I drive drunk girls home all the time. I'm used to seeing wet skirts."

Had he not done so well in his exams, Zhāng Wěi knew what he would now be doing.

"It was a really long meeting, and we weren't allowed to leave..." said Wú Yànyàn. "I just couldn't wait."

"It's not that big a deal," said the cab driver. "You'll laugh about this in future."

Wú Yànyàn hoped so, but she wasn't in the mood for laughing right now.

The taxi pulled up outside an apartment block, and Zhāng Wěi paid the driver and got out. Wú Yànyàn followed, accidentally flashing him as she did so. They walked into the building, and Zhāng Wěi called a lift.

"So..." he said. "You're naked under your skirt..."

"Yeah," said Wú Yànyàn. "It was the least worst option..."

"It's certainly a sexy option," said Zhāng Wěi. "Although wearing your wet knickers would be pretty cute too..."

"Sorry, what?" said Wú Yànyàn, incredulous. "How the hell are wet knickers sexy?"

Zhāng Wěi silently cursed himself. He really shouldn't have given his fetish away that early. Hopefully it wouldn't spoil the evening.

"I...have a fetish," he said, looking down at his shoes. "I like girls who really have to pee...especially when they don't get to the toilet in time."

"Wow, that's weird," said Wú Yànyàn. "But lucky, I guess, given the circumstances..."

The lift doors opened and they stepped in. Zhāng Wěi pressed the button for the tenth floor, and the doors closed.

"Wait..." said Zhāng Wěi. "So...you're not freaked out?"

"No," said Wú Yànyàn. "I'm not going to turn down sex with my hot colleague because he has a weird fetish that happens to perfectly suit my circumstances."

Zhāng Wěi spontaneously hugged her, then quickly backed out as he almost climaxed in his pants.

"My high school girlfriend dumped me after I told her about my fetish," he said. "Then she told all her friends, and none of them would go out with me either."

"That's so mean," said Wú Yànyàn. "I'd never do something like that."

The lift reached the tenth floor, and they stepped out. Zhāng Wěi led the way to his room, and unlocked the door.

"She wasn't a nice girl," he said, "but I really didn't handle it well..."

###

Liú Xiùyīng was proof that beauty and honesty didn't always go together. She was easily the most attractive girl in her class, but her conduct was execrable. Zhāng Wěi, then a teenager under the effective command of his testicles, had happily succumbed to her advances, but, as he promised yet again to meet her after hours of detention, he did wonder if perhaps he wasn't with the right girl.

"This is so fucking unfair," she said. "I have to do this assignment which will take, like, 3 fucking hours, I'm not allowed to piss, and I already need to go. This is going to be tough."

"Be strong," he said. "You're a tough girl. You can hold it."

His erection, though, wished she couldn't, and motivated him to make a very inappropriate compliment.

"You're so hot when you have to pee."

"What?" she said. "You think it's hot when I have to piss?"

"Yeah..." he said, "I know, it's weird..."

"It's really fucking weird." She looked at him, obviously disgusted. "Is that some kind of fetish?"

"Yeah," he said. "I'm not hoping you piss yourself or anything, I'm just saying it's really hot when you need to go..."

"That's fucked up," she said.

As Zhāng Wěi sat in the corridor and tried to focus on his homework, he was pestered by fantasies of his girlfriend shamefully trudging out of the room in a soaking wet skirt. She looked pretty desperate when she went in, and it had already been 2 hours...surely she couldn't endure the pain much longer...he was such a pervert. Why did he have to have this fetish?

Inside the room, Liú Xiùyīng was struggling. Fidgeting with her skirt was no longer enough, and she pressed her hand into her crotch in a vain attempt to ease the pain. Her legs were trembling from the exertion of holding it, and she still had 3 problems to complete before the teacher would let her go. If only she'd paid attention in those classes, she wouldn't have to consult her text book now to do these questions, and she wouldn't be edging ever closer to humiliation. One particular integration just had her stuck, and she couldn't find a way to do it. A surge of desperation barely left her knickers dry. She raised her hand.

"Please, Teacher," she said, "I can't do this question. Can you help me?"

"I can," said the teacher, "but I won't. I explained this in class yesterday, and you, being far too smart for school, instead sent lewd text messages to your boyfriend and played Pokemon. The method for solving the problem is in your book."

"Please," she said. "I'm absolutely bursting to pee, I'll wet myself if I don't finish soon."

"Last time you said that, you went to the toilets to smoke and drink báijiǔ. I don't believe you."

Liú Xiùyīng cursed herself for being so stupid. Abusing her toilet privileges had resulted in losing them completely. And she really, really needed them now.

At length, she finally worked out how to solve the problem, thanks to thorough perusal of her book. She still had 2 problems to go, though, and her bladder was nearing the limits of its endurance. Knotting her legs around each other as tightly as she could, she embarked on the last 2 questions. Surges of desperation were now hitting her with increasing frequency and severity, and it took all the strength she could muster not to leak. So far, not a single drop had escaped, but she knew it would be very unlikely she could get to the toilet dry. Hopefully she could minimise the damage, and her boyfriend wouldn't see urine trickling down her legs...wetting was feeling a little enticing compared to the agony of holding it. But she couldn't give in until the pain compelled her to do so. At least then she could say she tried her best.

Somehow, somehow, she managed to complete the last 2 problems without leaking. She raised her hand again.

"Teacher," she said, "I'm finished."

The teacher walked over and began checking through her answers. She silently begged him to be quick, wondering how on Earth she was going to struggle to the toilet without flooding her skirt.

"That's fine," he said. "You can go."

"Thank you..." she said. She packed her things in her backpack, and carefully stood up. As she felt wet warmth in her knickers, she knew she hadn't been careful enough. Squealing in distress, she grabbed her bladder with both hands and squirmed until she managed to stop the leak. Looking down, she couldn't see any urine on her legs, but now she'd started to give way it wouldn't be long before she leaked some more. She pushed open the door and saw Zhāng Wěi dutifully waiting outside.

"I have to piss! Now!" she said, tears coming to her eyes. "Fuck, fuck, fuck..." As she dashed for the toilet, she felt spurt after spurt burst into her knickers and trickle down her legs. As she saw the sign for the ladies' room, her sphincter finally yielded completely and the urine gushed down her legs in torrents. By the time she ran into the cubicle, her bladder was empty and her knickers, skirt, and socks were soaked. Zhāng Wěi stood amazed. For the first time in his life, he'd seen a beautiful girl have an accident in real life, and it was so much more intense than any Japanese video he'd seen. But she was his girlfriend, and he had to comfort her. He walked to the entrance of the ladies' room.

"Hey," he said. "Are you OK in there?"

"What do you fucking think?" she shouted, in tears. "This is the worst day of my fucking life! Leave me alone!"

"I'm just trying to comfort you..." he said.

"Can't you understand that I've just fucking pissed myself and I don't want to talk? Especially to someone with a gross fetish who's probably jacking off to it?"

"I'm sorry about the fetish," he said. "I shouldn't have told you."

"I don't care if you told me," she said, "you're a fucking pervert."

Zhāng Wěi wondered how he was the pervert, and not the girl who sent him lewd text messages in class, but now wasn't the time to argue. He walked into the men's toilet, entered the cubicle, undid his trousers, and masturbated himself to a spectacular orgasm. He wasn't forgetting this any time soon.

###

*006*2017-08-25 09:13

“Wow,” said Wú Yànyàn. “That must have been so awkward. Anyway, I’m cool with your fetish. It’s weird, but it’s not dangerous or anything. Now, let’s get to bed!”

Zhāng Wěi’s apartment was plain and unremarkable, with a bed, a wardrobe, a bathroom with a toilet and shower, a small kitchen, a desk with a computer, and several guitars. Wú Yànyàn jumped onto the bed and lay down, splaying her legs. Gazing at her vulva, Zhāng Wěi removed his clothes.

“Your muscles are amazing,” said Wú Yànyàn.

“That’s what regular exercise does,” said Zhāng Wěi. “I’ll get a condom.”

“No need, I’m on contraceptive pills to help with my periods,” said Wú Yànyàn. “Just go for it.”

Zhāng Wěi stuck his head up Wú Yànyàn’s skirt and began pleasuring her. It was the best thing she’d ever felt in her life, and she couldn’t help but moan from the intensity. Before long, she climaxed. The little urine which had refilled her bladder after her accident spurted out onto Zhāng Wěi’s face.

“So, what did you think of that?” asked Zhāng Wěi, smiling as he withdrew his head from her skirt.

“I...can’t...” she said, gasping for breath. “It was the best thing I’ve ever felt...”

“Good,” he said, before thrusting into her while kissing her on the lips. It only took a few seconds for him to climax, and it felt a more sincere climax than any he’d had by the computer watching a dirty Japanese video. After withdrawing from her, he kept snuggling her close.

“I’m sorry, I have no stamina when it comes to omorashi,” he said. “I can’t last more than 10 seconds in a girl if I’ve just seen her pee herself.”

“Omorashi?” asked Wú Yànyàn. “What’s that?”

“It’s a Japanese term for the pee fetish I have,” he said. “They make porn videos about it, with girls holding their pee until they can’t and have an accident.”

“Wow,” said Wú Yànyàn. “That’s weird. Anyway, you’re great at sex. That was the first orgasm I’ve ever had from a man.”

“Really?” said Zhāng Wěi.

“Yeah,” said Wú Yànyàn. “My last boyfriend only knew how to do missionary position sex, and he was really bad at it, too. Then he cheated on me when he went on a business trip to Japan with some Japanese hooker.”

“Oh, that’s terrible,” said Zhāng Wěi. “Come on, let’s have a shower.”

Zhāng Wěi watched in awe as Wú Yànyàn stripped off her clothes and pulled her wet knickers out of her skirt pocket. Her body was just perfect.

“Can I sniff your wet knickers?” he asked. “I know, it’s creepy, but you said you were OK with it.”

“Sure,” she said, and handed them to him. As he inhaled the ammonia, he wondered if he was the luckiest man alive.

“I’ll put your wet clothes on the radiator to dry,” he said, before going to lay them out. He returned to the shower and switched it on, then felt with his hand until it was the right temperature. Once it was right, he pulled Wú Yànyàn in and held her close. His hands started to wander to her vulva.

“Here we go again,” he said.

“Oh, you’re so naughty...” she said as she felt orgasm approaching again. When it came, her legs gave way and she sank to the floor.

Wú Yànyàn smiled as she thought of her plight in the toilet at work. She couldn’t have been more wrong. This was the best night of her life.

###

Wú Yànyàn picked up her bowl of congee and pickles and swallowed the first spoonful.

“That’s delicious,” she said. “You’re a great cook as well as a great lover...I don’t know how you’re single!”

“Honestly, it was concern about my fetish,” said Zhāng Wěi as he started eating his breakfast too. “Inevitably at some point my girlfriend would have to pee, I’d get a boner, and then things would get really awkward. So I was scared of relationships.”

“I can’t see why you’re so worried,” said Wú Yànyàn. “It’s a really harmless fetish. I mean, I know what happened in high school, that must have been harsh for you.”

“It was,” he said. “It was right for me to leave that girl, though. She wasn’t right for me. You, on the other hand...”

Wú Yànyàn blushed. She’d always been ashamed of her weak bladder, but now it might well have found her the perfect boyfriend.

“I smell of pee...” she said. While her clothes were dry, the ammonia was unmistakable. “I hope no one at work will notice today...”

“Given that the boss went on social media to share the story about how you pissed yourself,” said Zhāng Wěi, “I think everyone at work will notice today.”

Wú Yànyàn cringed in utter mortification. “It’s going to be unbearable...”

“Well,” said Zhāng Wěi, “how about I make it less unbearable by arranging some fun time after work?”

“Great!” said Wú Yànyàn. “Last night was awesome.”

“I’m thinking we might go a little...further today,” said Zhāng Wěi. “How do you feel about some desperation play before sex?”

“Desperation play?” she said. “What’s that?”

“You have a really full bladder and I don’t let you use the toilet,” he said. “Maybe I tickle you, or tie you up...”

“Wow, that sounds kinky,” she said. “I’m just warning you, none of my previous partners even knew what foreplay was, I’m really not good at BDSM stuff.”

“Everyone has to start some time,” he said. “So, are you up for it?”

“Sure,” she said. “Trying new things is fun – as long as they’re not too painful...”

“Great,” he said, already excited. “Bring a full bladder and a change of clothes!”

*007*2017-08-25 09:38

It had been a difficult day at work for Wú Yànyàn. Colleagues were giggling behind her back about her accident, and she tried to take it in as good humour as possible. After all, it didn’t really matter, and she’d possibly started the best relationship in her life as a result. Still, what pride she had left hurt a little.

Now her bladder was pressing again, but this time on purpose. She really didn’t want to disappoint Zhāng Wěi after how wonderful he’d been the night before, so she’d foregone her usual visit to the toilet during her afternoon break. As the day wore on, she started to think that was a big mistake. Wetting herself in intimate foreplay with her boyfriend was one thing, but wetting herself in the lift up to his apartment was quite another, and that was seeming increasingly likely. She couldn’t use the toilet, though, and arrive with an empty bladder. She had to hold it.

Once work hours finished, she had to go home, get some clean clothes, and then go to Zhāng Wěi’s apartment. This would involve 2 long, desperate train rides, which she hoped she could endure without leakage but, in light of last night’s accident, feared she couldn’t. She sent Zhāng Wěi a text message on her phone.

“Setting off home with a full bladder to get clean clothes. Not sure I’ll make it to your place dry, but I’ll try!”

Zhāng Wěi soon replied.

“You’re wonderful. I hope you’ll come here bursting full! Stay strong!”

As she set off at a brisk walk towards the station, she looked the very image of a dignified businesswoman.

That dignity wouldn’t last.

Even by the time she got to the station platform, she was shifting from foot to foot and gently resting a hand on her skirt. She squeezed onto the rush hour train and prayed that no one would notice the ammonia smell. If they did, they were too polite to say, and she squeezed off the train at her station without incident. The evening breeze just made her need to go even more, and she clutched herself a little tighter as she walked back to her apartment building. This desperation play had better be good, because all she was feeling now was pain and trepidation. As she waited for the lift to come, she wondered what it was about desperation which turned Zhāng Wěi on. She guessed it was the humiliation, since he seemed to be into BDSM and so on. It was all very kinky, and there was a stereotype that business people were into that sort of thing, so why not?

The lift came, and her neighbour came out. She said hello, then got into the lift and went up to the 5th floor. She sent Zhāng Wěi another text as she shifted from foot to foot.

“Coming home to my apartment now. I’ll pee in the clothes I’m wearing and get some clean ones for tomorrow.”

Before she’d even got to her door, Zhāng Wěi’s reply had come.

“Sounds fine to me! Do you think you can get here without having an accident? I’ll meet you at the station.”

“I think so...but don’t count me on it...” she replied.

Seeing the toilet in her apartment made her double over in agony, but she was prepared this time and barely managed to avoid a leak, if only by thrusting her bottom back and clutching her groin with both hands. She couldn’t use it. She had to have a full bladder for her boyfriend. Now, finally, she was starting to get it. There was something intensely sexual about his control over her bladder, forbidding her from relief until she just couldn’t take it any more and disgraced herself. This could be fun – but not if it happened in public!

Shuffling about to try to manage the pain, she packed a backpack with things for staying overnight at Zhāng Wěi’s place; a clean suit, and her toothbrush and toothpaste. Standing next to the toilet to get the toothbrush was absolutely excruciating, but she managed to do it without leaking a drop. She was proud of herself. Now for the arduous trip to his apartment.

When she got back in the lift to go down again, she was standing next to a mother and small children, and felt extremely self-conscious squirming, but had to to avoid the possibility of a leak.

“She needs to pee,” said one of the small children, pointing at her.

“Yeah,” she said, before jogging out of the lift at some speed once it reached the ground floor. This train ride was going to be absolutely unbearable, and she couldn’t imagine how she could find the strength to endure it without leaking. After pacing awkwardly up and down the platform for a few minutes, she got on her train and squeezed between some elderly people. She couldn’t wet herself here. She just couldn’t. And yet her sphincter knew no social decorum, and edged ever closer to giving in. She squirmed as much as she could in the confined space, and held herself tightly with one hand while she got out her phone.

“I’m on the train to your place,” she texted. “I’m just fit to burst...it’s agony...”

“You have no idea how much you’re turning me on,” he replied. “I’m just imagining your pain right now, and it’s making me so hard...damn, that sounds bad...”

She giggled a little at his shame, then doubled over in a desperate effort to stop a leak. It wasn’t enough, and her knickers felt a little warm. Hopefully, hopefully, it wouldn’t run down her legs until she was off the train. Please, please be strong enough…

Somehow, through strength she had no idea she had, Wú Yànyàn managed to get to her station without leaking any more. She knew, though, that time was running out very, very fast, and hurried off the train as quickly as she could. As he promised, Zhāng Wěi was there, still dressed in his suit.

“Hey, babe,” he said, before approaching her and whispering “Have you leaked?”

“Yeah,” she whispered back, “just a little. I’m hoping I can hold the rest until I get back...”

He rubbed his hands in glee. Even in his wildest teenage wet dreams, he would have found escorting a beautiful woman home for sex as she helplessly leaked in her knickers a little fanciful. The pair set off briskly towards the exit, with Wú Yànyàn firmly gripping herself through her skirt. As they passed the sign for the ladies’ room in the station, an unbearable surge of desperation hit her, and she spurted uncontrollably down her legs. Managing to stem the flow, she staggered forwards, rivulets of urine running from the bottom of her skirt. Zhāng Wěi was enthralled by the spectacle, but refrained from making too many creepy comments in public.

“I don’t think I can hold it...” she said, tears coming to her eyes. “Still, I’ll try...”

“You can only do your best,” he said, trying to distract himself to avoid ejaculating in his pants.

The walk to the apartment building was an absolute ordeal for Wú Yànyàn, and heavenly for Zhāng Wěi. The wet warmth in Wú Yànyàn’s knickers was enticing more and more to come out, and she simply lacked the strength to hold it in any longer. Spurt after spurt burst from her aching bladder every few steps she took, and those spurts felt...good, in a way. They felt relieving, and, knowing that he was turned on by them, extremely naughty. As she turned onto the street for the apartment building, her exhausted sphincter gave in utterly, and she slumped defeated against the wall, urine gushing freely down her legs. She’d failed. Zhāng Wěi wouldn’t get his desperation play after all.

“I’m sorry,” she said, as the pool grew around her feet. “I couldn’t hold it...”

“What are you sorry for?” he said gleefully. “You voluntarily held your pee until you burst for me, in public! That’s the most wonderful thing a girl’s ever done for me. It’s not your fault you gave in, you couldn’t help it. Based on the size of that puddle, you should be proud of how much you held.”

Wú Yànyàn smiled. All she had to do to impress her dashing boyfriend was not use the toilet until she wet herself. If only all men were that easy to please.

As Wú Yànyàn shamefully trudged into the apartment building, urine dripping from her skirt, humiliation burned inside her. She wanted to cry, but not necessarily tears of sadness. There was something...pleasurable about this, being so vulnerable next to a strong man. Her mother would be ashamed at her lack of feminism, but maybe a kinky spanking wouldn’t be so bad after all…

The lift doors opened, and an elderly woman stepped out.

“Hello,” she said. “Oh! Your poor lady friend. That must be so humiliating.”

“Yeah, it’s pretty bad,” said Wú Yànyàn, blushing.

“Take good care of her,” said the old woman. “She’s beautiful.”

Mortified even deeper, Wú Yànyàn shuffled into the lift. She and Zhāng Wěi went up to the 10th floor, then walked to his room, leaving a dripping trail of urine behind them.

“I...prepared some things,” said Zhāng Wěi. “I put a plastic sheet on the bed, and I have some...toys to play with.”

“Cool,” said Wú Yànyàn. “So are you handcuffing me or what? Isn’t that what BDSM people do?

“Given your bladder’s already empty,” said Zhāng Wěi, “I was thinking about a kinky spanking. Although I’m not sure I can actually manage that without ejaculating...”

“Try it and see how it works out,” said Wú Yànyàn.

Zhāng Wěi removed his clothes, then grabbed Wú Yànyàn and picked her up in his arms. His strength was firm but soothing, rather like another part of him, indeed. He sat down on the bed, put her across his knees, and pulled her soaking wet miniskirt up over her bottom. Wú Yànyàn trembled in anticipation of the first blow. This was wrong, this was so degrading...but so erotic. It came, and it was light.

“Can you go a bit harder, please?” she asked.

“Sure,” said Zhāng Wěi. “You’ve been a very naughty girl, wetting your suit like that. That deserves a paddling...although I don’t have a paddle, so I’ll just have to use my hand, is that OK with you?”

“You’re way too nice to do this BDSM stuff,” said Wú Yànyàn.

The sharp blow she received on her bottom swiftly changed her mind about this. She squeaked from the sudden pain. She felt her knickers being pulled down, then another sharp blow, then another. She couldn’t help but let out a fart, though she tried her best not to.

“I’m so sorry,” she said.

“Oh, that’s fine,” said Zhāng Wěi. “That’s my fetish too. If it hurts too much, just tell me to stop and I will.”

But she didn’t want it to stop. Being dominated made her feel like she never had before. As Zhāng Wěi picked her up again and flung her down on the bed, she resigned herself to whatever he was going to do next. He penetrated her, and climaxed almost instantly.

“Sorry,” he said, as he recovered, “I was about to come, and I wanted to do it inside you.”

In a way, that was a compliment.

Now he got to work with his fingers again. She had no idea how he got as good as he did, but he was good. It wasn’t long until she was overcome by the throes of orgasm, squealing in ecstasy.

“So I’m guessing you enjoyed that,” he said.

“Yes...” was all she could muster the strength to say.

