The Trials of Being A Teacher

Author: Mickey

*000*2019-01-17 21:56

The Dedication

For @Imouto Kitten and @Nar

, here's a story about a young female professor, desperate to pee. (And yes, true to form, I have sneaked in male desperation - but it is a very minor part of the plot, and consumes a minimal amount of words)

Some unusual-ish terms,

- CTF aka 'Capture The Flag' is a training exercise in cyber security, where a team attacks a computer system trying to steal some information (the metaphorical flag), and another team tries to protect the system. The exercise stops once the flag is captured (yay, attackers!) or the clock runs out (and the defense win). It can get very competitive, like just about anything else a bunch of nerds indulge in. And of course there is no pause button.

- A salwar-kameez looks like http://www.sudarshansilk.com/celebration-patiala-salwar-kameez-dress-material-35157.html.

It has many avatars (just like a "dress" can come in a multitude of styles), commonly worn by women in South Asia. This is the specific style Nuria wears in the story.

- Eve, along with Alice and Bob are common names used to describe communication, in networking textbooks. Alice and Bob have conversations that Eve evesdrops on. It's the great old love triangle ya know.

The Story

Mark watched in fascination as their teacher entered the room. She looked younger than most of the students, standing at just under 5-feet, with a petite build. Well, it wasn't too strange Mark reminded himself - she was after all just 23. Nuria had caused something of a stir when she had been hired as faculty at the University aged just 21, in Mark's first year of college. The headscarf wearing, mild-mannered woman, with South Asian roots, who looked young enough to be in high school, was no one's idea of a 'professor'. Yet she had been assigned to teach graduate level classes. Mark could still remember his brother coming back to the dorm in a rage, talking about "affirmative action" and "just because she is brown and a woman".

As you can guess, a bunch of 23/24 year old men (and yes, mostly men - cyber security had precious few women) did not take kindly to Nuria's authority. However that girl genius, with two PhDs, had wrested respect out of those skeptics. To the extent that Mark's brother, no longer foaming at the mouth about affirmative action, had begged Nuria to be his PhD guide.

Nuria had built her reputation on her harsh but just discipline and excellent teaching skills. Her cyber security courses were widely considered THE best in this University, and this University regularly ranked amongst the top-5 in the world for anything related to computing. Her discipline was as legendary as her lectures - she didn't tolerate tardiness. If you were late by more than a minute, you weren't allowed in. You weren't allowed to leave for any reason - rather you were allowed to leave any time you please, but you weren't allowed back in.

Mark's brother had told him how he almost peed his pants, because he didn't dare leave her class. He had literally run to the toilet after class, clutching his dick shamelessly and peed a gusher at the nearest urinal - completely ignoring etiquettes to 'mind the gap'. He just couldn't make it to the 'acceptable' ones further away. And a lot of others had suffered the same fate at different times - it was a running gag in the men's dorms by now.

Well, in short, by the time Mark reached his third year, Nuria was a living legend. She taught an introductory class in cyber security for undergraduates, and they had to open the auditorium to fit all the students who registered. Today, Mark was seated in the front of that auditorium, albeit at the extreme corner, because coming even an hour early didn't guarantee you good seats here. He was in awe of the woman who was his professor but still looked like a high school kid. She was dressed in her signature long sleeved top that came down to her knees and a loose, pleated trouser, with a headscarf wrapped over her hair - apparently it's a nod to her South Asian heritage, a salwar-kameez. Usually she was known for her impeccable composure and being in her classroom 5minutes before time, but today she looked a little haggard as she rushed in just as the clock stuck 2pm, biting her lower lip.

Mark remembered his brother had told them about this elite CTF that Nuria had arranged for her best students, apparently against some world famous Russian team. That explained why she was late - they had scheduled it for 8:45 - 1:45, Nuria treating her warriors to pizza and Coke in her office for making them skip lunch (and also to keep them piped up through the marathon exercise). Must have run late there. Nuria came to the front of the stage and introduced herself.

Mark wondered if it was his imagination, or was Nuria really standing stiffly with her legs unnaturally close together, as she introduced herself? Mark's cock twitched as he thought about Nuria consuming cans of Coke with her students and then being forced to come to this class as her students rushed for the toilets. Her dress was too loose to show a bladder bulge, much to Mark's disappointment. Mark woke himself up from his day dreams as Nuria walked over to the white board - time to pay attention.

30 mins in, however, Mark could only pay attention to the way Nuria occasionally pressed her legs together, how her entire body would go stiff for a few seconds. She had done it at least 5 times now - and she was constantly moving around the stage. That might have been just her style, taking in the whole auditorium, but even when she was writing on the board, her right leg was jiggling constantly. Like she couldn't possibly stand still.

Mark was pretty confident that his professor was in urgent need of relieving her bladder. The class lasted 90 minutes - this promised to be an intriguing spectacle. Mark idly wondered when the woman might have last emptied her bladder ... She lived off-campus, with her parents, and drove the 1hr to University every day. May be she hadn't peed since leaving home, say at 7:30 to make it in plenty of time for that CTF? Oh, she must have a truckload of piss in there! Mark would have simply burst if he had had to hold in his pee for 7 hours.

Nuria took another sip from the water bottle on the lectern, giving the class some time to write down the notes. Mark couldn't be bothered - he was busy watching Nuria. Her body was hidden by the lectern, but the advantage of sitting at an extreme corner was Mark could see the left side of her body. Her legs were crossed together, knees bent and a look of concentration on her face. He drank in the image, noting the clenched jaw, the stiff upper body, and furiously jiggling legs even as her thighs remained pressed close together. He couldn't see her right hand, but it was definitely below the lectern, and he had a pretty good guess about where that was shoved, while her left furiously clenched the marker.

Then, much to his disappointment, she walked to the front of the stage as if nothing was wrong. May be holding herself had reduced her urgency - Mark knew how the urge could disappear for some time, only to return with double the urgency. He just prayed that return happened before the end of this class.

He concentrated on the lecture as Nuria went on, her tightly crossed legs, tiny steps and the frequent biting of her lower lip the only indication of her bladder situation. It was clear that she was trying her best to hide her situation from the students. Understandable. What would happen to her iron discipline and cult status if she pee danced in front of the undergrads? Or worse, broke her own rules and left the room? But as he continued drinking in the subtle tells, Mark felt sure that redoubled pressure would arrive very very soon and force the professor to lose her calm.

Miraculously, it didn't arrive till after the hour mark had passed. She stopped right in the middle of describing Eve's activities and bent forwards - it barely lasted 5 seconds and by the time students had looked up from their notebooks Nuria had straightened up and resumed speaking. But Mark had been watching for this precise moment, and his cock started to harden. It didn't help that he needed to pee himself - coming in an hour early to get a good seat had been worth it, but was also taxing his bladder. Unfortunately (or fortunately) that just turned him on even more.

Mark took shallow breaths and tried to think "boring thoughts" to prevent a full blown erection developing. However Nuria moving to behind the lectern didn't help at all. He could see her legs were crossed tightly now, and as he continued staring she put her marker down on the top of the lectern and used her free hand to press against her pussy. Fuck, this was getting too hot for Mark.

For a rookie professor who had had to claw respect out of entitled men, openly holding herself, with both hands no less, must have been a last resort. She must know the lectern couldn't cover her totally. It must be either holding her crotch or wetting herself, and she had chosen the lesser of the two evils. Mark was fascinated to note how her voice remained mostly steady. However there would be a cute little hitch in it every few minutes.

His really cute professor, fighting to hold back an overfull bladder, in front of an auditorium of students - this was the stuff of dreams! Mark didn't hear a word more for the remaining 15 minutes - instead he noted how Nuria kept crossing and uncrossing her legs, how firmly she was biting her lips, how swollen her lips were after being bitten down in utter desperation for the better part of an hour, that look of pain that shadowed her face once or twice. And most damning of all, how her right shoulders hunched forwards. She must have realized her right side was actually totally shielded from view since the lectern was next to the wall - privileges of the altitudinally-challenged. But a hawk-eyed desperation lover like Mark knew all the tell tale signs. That shoulder had come forward because the arms had gone below her kameez and probably inside her salwar to press directly against her pee-hole - the last stance of an absolutely desperate professor.

She finally concluded her lecture with just a minute left in the period. By now, her voice wasn't exactly steady - at least Mark could hear the tremor that came from utilizing every last bit of strength to hold back a flood. No one else seemed to notice however, so Mark chalked it up to his ultra-sensitive ears or overactive imagination. His dick was quite sure it was the former, even if his brain was not, and stood erect in anticipation. Fuck, this class had proven to be way more than he bargained for.

As the bell rang, he noticed Nuria stood quite still. He had expected her to make a beeline for the toilet as soon as she got a chance, but apparently she didn't trust herself to move. Instead she informed them about her office hours and told them they are free to leave. Mark's bladder chose this moment to give a particularly strong twinge to remind him why leaving was a good idea. But his cock definitely had other ideas.

Shielding his erection using the laptop and notebook he was carrying, he decided to approach Nuria on stage. Standing up was torture for his poor bladder. He had drank a ton of coffees since morning, and though he had peed just before entering the class, 2.5hrs had apparently been enough time for his bladder to fill up. He ignored its pleas in favor of his penis - this was an once in a lifetime opportunity!

Nuria straightened up as he approached the lectern. For a fleeting moment there was a look of utter pain in her eyes, followed quickly by desperation, and shame. Mark asked her random questions about the course, questions he already knew the answers to, but to his disappointment she didn't even so much as fidget as she patiently answered him for about 5 minutes. By then the auditorium had almost emptied, and Mark's urge to pee was overtaking the rush of blood to his cock.

As he left the auditorium though, he suddenly had a wild idea. It was improbable - but he needed to confirm it. There was a trophy cabinet just beside the door - he turned around and pretended to admire the trophies, while his bladder throbbed and begged for release. His penis was also begging for release of a different kind - but he had to endure both stoically. After 5 more minutes, when the last stragglers had left, Mark finally saw Nuria herself emerge from the auditorium. Out of the corner of his eye, he followed her movement as she turned in the direction opposite the trophy cabinet and took small mincing steps. Oh, clearly she was still bursting - Mark had been wrong.

Sighing in defeat, he moved to Plan B - Nuria was likely making her way to the nearest toilets. There were no designated faculty toilets here - actually there were just two chubby holes beside each other marked "Ladies" and "Gents", a relic from the old days before this place became an auditorium. Well, she definitely didn't look like she would make it to the faculty toilets in the cyber security building - so she must be headed to these. Mark needed to release his load soon too, so might as well as follow her and pray the dividing walls are thin.

As he turned around, his cock almost danced in excitement. He hadn't been wrong. In the bright light of the corridor, he could see the bunched up material of Nuria's salwar, between her legs, was two shades darker than the rest. So he was right about the secret behind her calm while answering him. He was wrong about how extremely full her bladder had been.

As he walked behind her, trying to make as little noise as possible, Nuria stopped again. He saw a dark line emerging from the bunched up material, following the pleat right to her feet. He nearly gasped in surprise, as Nuria stood still for about 30s - the material of her dress gradually darkening further. Absorbent cotton, Mark thought vaguely, as his spinchter shivered in envy, wishing to unload its own contents.

Much to his surprise, Nuria continued her walk to the toilets - still hunched forwards, as if her bladder was still, after nearly drenching her salwar, weighing her down. Mark waited for Nuria to enter the ladies cubicle before rushing in to the gents. He immediately pointed his cock in to the toilet bowl, barely managing to balance the laptop on the flush tank, utterly desperate to pee now. However, nothing happened - he needed to take care of his erection first.

Just then he heard a low moan from the other side, and what sounded like frantic tugging on clothes. He could totally imagine Nuria having a hard time pulling off that drenched piece of clothing, bursting to pee, inside a toilet, with no way to pee. That nearly took him over the edge, as he firmly stroked his member. However it was the sound of a jet of piss hitting the water that finally brought him to climax. Biting down hard on his lips to keep from moaning, he cummed all over his hands as Nuria continued peeing a gusher in the next cube.

And then Mark's bladder was finally able to push its contents out - he couldn't stop the moan this time. He took a fast, hard piss, water frothing in the bowl as his clear stream hit it. However when he finished, he heard Nuria's stream still going steadily. Mark's cock almost hardened again at the thought of the sheer volume of piss his professor had been holding back. He sat down on the toilet and listened to the stream finally slowing in to a trickle, followed by a relieved moan.

He waited till he heard Nuria leave. Only then did he get up and wash his soiled hands, and flushed his piss and cum down the drain. He went through the rest of the day in a daze. That night however, he cummed more than once, with the image of a very wet salwar in mind.

The Author's Note

I wanted to try something different - been writing a lot of similar desperation scenes ... So I ended up writing this as a sighting - let me know if that worked for you or whether you hated it?

*005*2019-01-18 04:45

{{5 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I really liked that

}}

Very happy to know that! Thanks for letting me know!

{{4 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

Brilliant

}}

* Blush Blush *

{{4 hours ago, New_Macca said:

I absolutely love this. As someone who loves the idea of seeing someone desperate this is perfect for me as can really imagine being in the narrators shoes

}}

That was the intent, readers should imagine themselves as Mark! Glad to know that worked out

{{2 hours ago, Nar said:

Great story man. Just what I expected.

I like the idea of a penis with its "own ideas". It gaves material for a very funny sketch.

}}

Yay I was concerned you wouldn't like it, since this story focuses on stuff I am not particularly into and consequently writing this was out of my comfort zone. Glad to know it worked out! Thanks for letting me know!

*008*2019-01-23 12:45

{{On 1/18/2019 at 11:29 AM, DespMely said:

Very nice descriptions and good writing style.

I really enjoyed it!

}}

{{On 1/19/2019 at 4:27 PM, wedgeantilles said:

I totally agree, it was a great story!

}}

Thank you for the compliment! *blush*

{{On 1/19/2019 at 9:22 PM, Imouto Kitten said:

*Insert generic words of praise.*

Sorry, not all that good at reviewing other's work, but I felt compelled to comment since this was inspired by one of my prompts.

}}

I actually laughed out loud at this one. Here's your generic thank you

*012*2019-02-05 12:44

{{On 1/24/2019 at 12:47 AM, kbeasley7 said:

Your stories keep getting better and better! That was awesome!

}}

Thank you! That's one of the nicest thing anyone could say

{{On 1/25/2019 at 7:50 AM, mikev said:

Just one word: HOT.

}}

Happy to be the heat source

{{On 1/26/2019 at 2:37 PM, fetisher said:

Very nice story!

I have witnessed real cases from my school years, where a teacher was desperate to pee during the class. So the topic is interesting.

}}

I'm glad to know you enjoyed it. While this setup isn't really my thing, a lot of people seem to be in to the scenario - and the whole point of taking requests is to broaden my horizons, so win win

