I couldn’t not watch her!

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2022-03-21 13:07

What are you supposed to do when you are somewhere in public and the person sitting right opposite you is doing something that seriously turns you on? I mean to anyone else she might as well be sitting naked twiddling her nipples…but to me what she was doing was every bit as enticing and amazing.

I’d seen her at least a few times before. I assume she works in the city too because we get the same commuter train most days and I’ve spotted her in the sane carriage as me now lots. She’s always very smartly dressed in suit dresses or blouse and skirt and that gorgeous long brown hair that today is half tied back in a plait but with half of it still loose. I’m guessing she’s mid to late thirties but as no-one talks to strangers on trains I don’t even know her name let alone her age. But one thing I do now know, and which is making it impossible to take my eyes off her, is that she really needs to go to the bathroom but she can’t.

@@How do I know this? Well I started having suspicions back at the platform. I was standing not far from the escalator when I saw her out the corner of my eye. As the announcement came over the tannoy that the train was delayed I noticed she wasn’t standing still like most of the rest of us and pacing a bit. Perhaps she was tired or late or had had a long day? It did cross my mind she just might need the loo but I am guilty of thinking that, of woman especially it has to be said, a little too often. Then the train came and she climbed on and sat opposite me gazing out the window with her legs crossed. Again that might have just been comfort or feeling a little cold or whatever so I tried hard not to overthink it. That was until we set off and we hadn’t even reached the first station when she shuffled on her seat and then crossed her legs the other way. That peaked my interest as she most definitely seemed restless and anxious about something. Her eyes then seemed to shift from the window to inside the carriage. With all the seats taken and a number of people standing I thought she might be looking for someone but instead of looking at the people she appeared to be looking at signs on the train itself and I noticed she had her top lip over her bottom one like she was worried or thinking hard about something.

In all the times I’d recalled seeing her before she’d never seemed this anxious or agitated. Whatever she was looking for she seemed to decide against it and instead resumed looking out the window but now with an arm around her tummy. Was she feeling hungry or unwell? Her cheeks did seem a little flushed now I could see them. She almost caught me looking so I immediately looked away and down at my feet. That’s when I noticed her feet. Although her legs were crossed the foot on the floor was actually moving and the black heeled shoes were bouncing up and down slightly constantly. I think that was the moment I realised I was right after all: this female stranger in front of me was nursing a full bladder. The reaction that had on me was instant and somewhat embarrassing on a public train!

@@We passed a few stations with more people getting off than on and the standing passengers slowly getting less and less. She sat there tense and tightly crossed legged with her legs showing and her skirt now above her knees and the arm that was around her tummy now resting on her thigh rubbing it slowly like she might have cramp or something. After another few stops the person beside her got off and only one person remained standing, by choice as there was now a few empty seats available. She uncrossed her legs at this point and wriggled as if trying to get comfortable. I didn’t want to stare but I was captivated by her every move now wondering when she might have last had that skirt lifted up or her knickers pulled down and her bottom on a toilet. Had she had to hold perhaps for a full day at work or maybe through long meetings? Had she drank much throughout the day? It wasn’t helping my own body much at all and I was getting anxious that my body might get me into trouble if I wasn’t careful.

Then the train seemed to halt for a bit. This wasn’t of itself that unusual and rarely lasted long. Usually just a red signal or something and very common since the train was running a bit later than scheduled. In the quietness of the carriage I heard her give a little sigh before shaking a leg a little and changing position yet again. Now her hand was patting on her upper leg rhythmically as her eyes darted around the train again anxiously. Something was clearly really stressing her! Then we both jumped at the noises of a door clanging shut as I turned to see the ticket inspector coming through. I got my ticket out my pocket, feeling my erect penis and hoping no-one else would notice it as the female in front of me rummaged in her handbag by her feet for her ticket. As she pulled her head back up I couldn’t help but see her eyes looked concerned, anxious, worried. She pushed her thighs together and sighed again.

When the ticket inspector reached us that’s when I finally heard what my body longed for when a beautiful female voice in front of me quietly asked the train employee if there was a toilet on board. I knew it! She must be absolutely bursting because her cheeks were so red and even her neck was blotching with the embarrassment of asking.

“Sorry mam. It’s out of order but there should be some at the station you can use.”

I had to turn towards the windows so that my throbbing erect dick didn’t bulge out my trousers! She never said anything back as I heard the conductor walk on by. Should I say something? It’s not really the thing on public transport and given how seriously aroused I now was that probably wasn’t a good idea anyway. So for the next twenty minutes I got to watch this beautiful professional woman struggle to hold her bladder in public! She must have known I’d heard her ask? Or maybe she just really needed to go so much now? Whatever it was things seemed to change from subtle to far more obvious very quickly.

I watched her fidget, twirl her hair anxiously, bounce her legs, scissor her knees in and out, cross and uncross her legs, wrap her arm around her bladder area, sit back on the seat then on the edge of the seat, sit sideways, then forwards, then facing the windows again. She changed position that often I lost track of it all, all the time her cheeks staying flushed, her forehead sweating, her hands and legs moving around like she didn’t know what to do with them! We hadn’t stayed stationary long and now we were chug chugging steadily towards what was my destination. For once though I didn’t want to get off the train because I needed to know what might happen to her. Would she make it to a station toilet or not?

The rational part of my mind took over though and as we approached the stop before mine I gathered my bag ready to stand, only to notice the lady do the same! I stood at the doors ready to get off as she pee danced right beside me her shoes tapping loudly on the train floor. Now I was sweating too! Our eyes met and with the train much more quieter I felt I should say something as it seemed awkward not to.

“You ok?”

“No! You don’t happen to know if there’s a ladies at this station? I’m meant to be going to Oakdale but I can’t wait any longer!”

“They are by the main entrance by the ticket office.”

“Is it far?”

As I pressed for the doors to open and we stepped out together I replied.

“Up those stairs then turn right. You should see them signposted.”

I kept walking but then she seemed to disappear. I looked behind me to see her struggling to walk, her hand on the front of her crotch as she bent forwards. I couldn’t leave her. I couldn’t be that cruel. I walked back towards her hearing her almost crying.

“Is it bad?”

She nodded making my dick shake with desire. I looked around the platform checking for cameras as I had an idea.

“If you can’t make it to the ladies you could maybe go behind that huge advertisement board there?”

She nodded again and hobbled towards it. I didn’t know if I should walk away or wait or what, my hard on so thick and large in my jeans I thought the material might rip!

“Keep watching please!” I heard her sexy voice say so I walked quickly to the board and stood at the side.

I didn’t dare look, as much as I wanted to, but the sound alone made my heart beat so fast I had to hold the board to steady myself. Never in my life have I heard anyone pee so much! The wizzing and whooshing and splashing against the grass just kept going and going and going as this professional lady in her blouse and black skirt and heeled shoes sighed like the weight of the world had just been lifted off her. The next thing she walked past me rubbing her skirt down casually and smiling back at me.

“Thanks. Never been so bursting to go in my entire life! There’s busses to Oakdale from the main road isn’t there?”

I nodded, unable to form words, as I headed for the car park and the privacy of my car. As I say she may as well have stripped off and sat naked opposite me she turned me on so much. How can any man not find a bursting woman a turn on? More to the point how could anyone hold that much pee in? The thought of how bursting she was right in front of me made driving home so difficult and before I even had my anorak hung up I had to unzip my jeans and cum. I barely stroked before exploding too. Not surprising considering how long I’d been watching her and hearing how long and hard she peed for!

I hope she’s on my train again sometime and whatever circumstances got her that desperate just happen to arise again. A man can dream can’t he?

*002*2022-03-21 16:22

{{2 hours ago, wether said:

Wonderful story!

}}

Thank you. Just a quick one that was in my head all morning which I wrote on my tea break

*004*2022-03-21 17:37

How I wish I was bursting on a train with no loo and being watched by a handsome man who happened to be clearly enjoying my plight like this….

*007*2022-03-21 20:30

{{1 hour ago, knarf11 said:

What a brilliant story. Thank you so much. You have a great talent for writing these types of stories. Would consider writing the same scenario from the ladie's view point?

}}

Absolutely! I’d love to publish some of my collects of stories like these bath male and female. I’ll get the male version up this week for you.

*009*2022-03-22 16:29

{{21 hours ago, knarf11 said:

What a brilliant story. Thank you so much. You have a great talent for writing these types of stories. Would consider writing the same scenario from the ladie's view point?

}}

I posted the female version today as a separate story. Hope you enjoy x

*012*2022-03-23 13:32

{{1 hour ago, huberp76 said:

A great story and absolutely perfect written. Thank you!

I totally agree with you, nothing can turn more on than a desperate girl, women, bursting bursting to pee and can’t go.

Like you, i can’t understand that there are men who don’t get turned on from that.

I think there are men who gets turned on, but they are to shy to talk about it!?

Like you, i would ask me, why your girl was getting that desperate, does she had to much drinks, did she have not chance to go for a very long time. I would like the circumstances why she did get in this situation.

To think about it, is a extra turn on and to hear it from her would be great too.

To hear her pee so powerful and so long is totally horny making too.

To imagine how big, how stretched her poor bladder must have been and how strong her urge must have been, is hot and exciting.

Girls frantic to pee are absolutely sexy. Like you wrote, a girl who is wriggling from needing to wee, is more arousing than seeing her naked!?

}}

You get a bit more background from her point of view in the story from her viewpoint which I published separately yesterday. Hope you enjoy that too and thank you for your kind comments

*014*2022-03-24 20:54

{{26 minutes ago, waterrat said:

A really good one, and I suppose there was a good chance that typing this down lead to no time for a pee during your break 😉

}}

100% correct

*016*2022-03-25 09:11

{{3 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

You are one of the best writers of the omorashi community. And here with this story, you have gone another level up. Simply superb!

}}

Thank you. That means a lot to me.

*018*2022-05-16 11:13

{{1 hour ago, Masseur5 said:

I totally agree!!

}}

Thank you so much! Been very unwell recently but looking forward to getting back to writing more stories like this soon

