Uncomfortable Decisions

Author: Mickey

*000*2018-08-27 14:59

Mary wants to run. Badly. But in her current state, waddling is the best she can manage. With thighs pressed really close together.

The 5-feet tall, petite brunette's spinchter is giving up. The pressure's been relentless for the past hour or so. But she'll be damned if she wets her pants in office. She'll never live it down. She has to reach the restroom - it's just around the corner!

At the thought of a restroom her bladder spasms. For a minute she forgets her shame and jams both her hands against her crotch, doubling over with the pain. Mary has never had to pee this badly in her life. Her last pee was before she started for that stupid lunch meeting with her client. That was around 10:30. And it is nearly 4:30 now. 6 hours. A couple glasses of wine, a few cups of coffee and some bottles of water later, her body is losing the battle.

But she refuses to give up. She's wearing her favorite blue denims today - no way she's ruining it. Though the body hugging jeans are doing her bladder no favors right now. She's so close! With a Herculean effort she manages to regain some semblance of control. Thank goodness she's not wearing her high heels today - the practical black wedges at least makes waddling towards the rest room easier.

Praying for an empty bathroom, she continues her tortured walk towards the relief which has proven so elusive today.

###

Like the cautious girl she is, she had emptied her bladder before leaving for the lunch. It is an hour's drive to the client's office in late morning traffic, and though she hardly felt any need, she wasn't going to risk it. She left early, at 10;30. It was a good thing she did - there was a pile up enroute, delaying her quite a bit.

By the time she reached, her couple of large morning coffees had started hitting her bladder, and she would have used the restroom out of an abundance of caution (always her mantra) if she had a chance. But Keith was already waiting in the lobby and immediately drew her in to a discussion about the latest ad-designs she had provided for their next marketing campaign. She didn't want to interrupt the discussion with a break-request (what with her being late and all), so she allowed Keith to guide her towards his car and drive them to the restaurant where the rest of the marketing team was waiting. Her need to pee wasn't urgent or anything anyway. She could take care of it at the restaurant.

The meal went great. There were lots of useful feedback for Mary, and she finally felt she understood what the clients needed (they all know what they want, the trick is figuring out what they actually need, ain't it?). Her bosses would be pleased. She was so engrossed in conversations, that she didn't even remember her urge to pee. The fact that nobody else excused themselves from the table would have made it difficult for the rather shy woman to do so anyway - so that was probably for the best. In fact, her bladder didn't trouble her at all till she was back in her car.

As soon as she pulled out of the parking lot, the two glasses of wine and the bottle of water she had consumed at lunch hit her. Her need to pee had increased to a 5/10. Under normal circumstances she would definitely have taken a leak. But it was too embarrassing to go back in, asking for a toilet. A 28-year old woman ought to be able to control her urges for an hour, no? So she started driving back, bravely (and as it turned out, pretty foolishly).

###

Her urges increased consistently during the drive, and though the roads were clear this time, the drive back was pretty uncomfortable. As she entered the parking garage, she calculated it was now 4hrs since her last pee. Even under normal circumstances, she would have been pretty uncomfortable by now. But that last glass of wine seems to have really stretched her bladder.

She hadn't planned on drinking more than one glass - after finishing her first, she had switched to water (and finished a couple glasses she might add). But then Keith had called for a toast at the end of the meal - and she couldn't very well refuse that, could she? Add to that the two large coffees she had chugged down in the morning (which apparently hadn't made it's way to her bladder by 10:30), and the nearly empty half litre bottle in her car (hey, she was bored in traffic while going, and thirsty from the alcohol while coming back), no wonder her bladder seemed ready to pop. She looked forward to taking a long piss as soon as she reached the office. Why did her office parking had to be at the damn last level of this labyrinthe parking lot? Damn these business parks and their shared buildings.

Finally she found her spot and parked. The thought of a restroom made her urge a little worse. She gave herself a quick squeeze to regain her composure and walked out of the car. Standing up was torture (or so she thought then; oh little did she know what true desperation feels like), and she quickly crossed her legs. The wave passed and she was able to walk to the elevators with relative ease. Waiting for the doors to open, shuffling from foot to foot, she toyed with the idea of using the washrooms in the lobby (would be faster than waiting to get to her 20th floor office), but decided she wasn't in so bad a shape as to warrant such desperate measures. She simply crossed her legs and waited.

###

She entered her office at 2:40 (no, the elevator hadn't broken down, or stopped at each floor; she was thanking her lucky stars for her now imminent relief) and immediately started walking towards the toilets. She was a 7/10 now, and the only thing on her mind was a bathroom break, and the sweet sweet relief it would be to finally empty her distended bladder. Just thinking of it made her have to press her thighs together, and only the embarrassment of her colleagues finding out about her predicament kept her from doing a pee-pee dance. Ah, the pleasures of the porcelain throne!

###

Author's Note - I have been agonizing over, and re-writing, my first fic. for a while now. Today I decided to take the plunge and post it, even though the story is incomplete and far from perfect. I mean, unless I put it out there and get some feedback, how am I ever gonna improve? So please do leave comments/suggestions/feedbacks you may have, even if it is to say you're not interested in reading more about Mary

*006*2018-08-30 13:50

{{On 8/27/2018 at 10:47 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was very good

}}

Thank you! That warms my insecure heart ...

{{On 8/27/2018 at 11:33 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Great story, I enjoyed reading it a lot.

And it would be great to read the second chapter, I am very curious how it will continue!

}}

Thank you! Glad to know you liked it! I will try to have the next chapter up this weekend.

{{On 8/28/2018 at 2:52 AM, Kauen-Stadt said:

Can you make one where she *enjoys* holding her pee? And the almost masturbation-like feeling it creates when one puts their hand into their crotch?

}}

Thanks for the suggestion! I'm honestly not sure if I will be able to incorporate this in to the story, but I'll keep it in mind!

{{On 8/29/2018 at 7:57 AM, Weasel said:

Nicely done! I don't feel this is all that incomplete -- although you could have done a little more with her finally getting to go (maybe waiting for a bathroom to be free, or having to really fight to get her jeans down). Other than that, it's a good, quite realistic story. Welcome to the story-writers' club!

}}

Thank you for the welcome! :) I do intend to make her wait longer. She's still dreaming of relief, but * evil cackle * ...

{{On 8/29/2018 at 5:40 PM, RedFish3000 said:

Great story! I really enjoyed it. I'd definitely like to read another chapter of this. Keep on the good work.

}}

Thank you! Feedback motivates me a lot :) I'll have the next chapter up this weekend. Hopefully. :)

*007*2018-08-31 16:33

Here's the next chapter, earlier than I expected to be able to! I hope you guys like it. Please do leave some feedback

{{On 8/27/2018 at 8:29 PM, Mickey said:

Ah, the pleasures of the porcelain throne!

}}

She was so looking forward to those pleasures. Which is why it was a rude shock to hear their receptionist call out 'There you are Mary! Your candidate's been waiting for you!' Mary was jolted awake from her dreams of relief, to see a girl of about 20 looking at her, with hands extended.

Alice.

The kid she was supposed to interview for an internship.

At 2:30.

And she was already late.

Damn. If only she had used the lobby restrooms! No way can she ask this kid to wait while she goes to pee - she's an adult, a professional, for chrissake! Her bladder protested with a spasm, and she clenched her muscles for all its worth to keep back the flood. Unfortunately, she inadvertently clenched Alice's hand too tightly and the girl looked pained. Damn, get a grip Mary she chided herself.

Embarrassed, she immediately let go (her hands, not her spinchter. Much to her bladder's chargain) and asked Alice to follow her to a conference room. She settled down in to a chair quickly, and squirmed around a little trying to find a comfortable position, while Alice settled down on the opposite side. Luckily her entire lower body was hidden by the big desk, so she gave her crotch another quick squeeze, took a deep breath and started the questions. She'll just finish the interview quickly and then, finally, finally, she'll be relieved.

But Alice was good, and there was a lot to discuss. 15minutes in Mary's bladder started throbbing. While Alice was white boarding an idea, she very gently massaged her stomach, hoping to relieve the throbbing. It did not help. Her bladder felt hard underneath her palms, and she could swear it felt like it was poking out from her slim body. She shuffled forward on her chair, sitting on the edge. That put some pressure against her aching muscles, and made it a little more bearable. As Alice turned back, Mary was able to face her with some degree of composure and continue the conversation.

10min later, sitting at the edge of her chair was no longer of any help. She was constantly crossing and recrossing her legs and jiggling them around in the elusive search for relief. She'll never complain about the unseemly huge desks, she promised herself, as she used its cover to push her fingers directly against her pee-hole, or as near as her tight jeans would allow. She was sorely tempted to pop a button to give her bladder room to expand, but didn't dare. The interview was taking her mind off her agony though, so that was a win.

Another 10min later, her hand was permanently at her crotch. Her spinchter was in agony, and her bladder was rock hard. She knew she had to end this interview, or she would pee herself in front of Alice. In a strange way, she almost found the pressure arousing - her fingers massaging her down there, the force on her spinchter, the rub of jeans against her labia. But she was in too much agony, and continuing the interview while simultaneously keeping the flood in check was taking all her concentration. She gave herself a good rub as she brought the interview to a close.

Soon, very soon, she promised her overworked bladder. As she stood up, she almost lost a few drops, but managed to regain control and miraculously keep her panties dry inspite of the overwhelming urge to just let go.

"Well, it was really good talking to you Alice. We'll get back to you soon. Let me show you out"

"Thanks Mary! Would you mind pointing me towards the rest rooms please? I've a rather long drive" Alice responded nervously.

Mary's bladder sent another spasm. She had to abruptly cross her legs and bend forward to contain it. Oh, how badly she wanted to just sit on a toilet and let it flood out! "Sure thing. Follow me!" she managed to respond in a rather strained voice, as she started walking towards the rest room. Unfortunately for her, they were at the other end of the office - but with a tremendous force of will she managed to walk normally towards them.

###

She pointed Alice towards the ladies room and motioned for her to go in the door first. Even though she was desperate, professionalism (and pride; and her natural shyness) made her loath to show any sign of needing a pee. Barging in first would have definitely given the game away! And there are 3 stalls inside, so not like relief is far away.

Mary's heart dropped (along with the first few drops from her bladder) as soon as she entered the washroom. There was a frigging queue! Apparently all the women in the office had needed to go at once. All the stalls were in use, and there were 4 women waiting around the spacious restroom. Oh gosh, why hadn't the designer added more stalls rather than keeping all this space empty, Mary wondered in dismay.

Mary managed to contain the leak to a few drops, but she knew her lacy panties wouldn't hide much more. See, she had plans to meet up with Josh, her boyfriend, after work. They were planning to go grab a bite to eat and then drive to the beach outside town. Enjoy a nice relaxed dinner date on the reasonably isolated beach, and then go to his place for the weekend. Hence the lacy panties, which might now prove to be her undoing. The thought of the beach and water caused a few more drops to leak out of her bladder, and she involuntarily crossed her legs.

"Oh damn all these long meetings" Mary heard someone behind her. It was Megan, one of Mary's team mates. "My bladder's about ready to pop". Yeah, just like Megan to be brash, Mary thought, blushing. She heard a toilet flushing, and that made her predicament worse. She pressed her thighs close together, twisting her legs in to pretzels to keep from leaking more. Being this close to relief, hearing the flush and the taps, it was pure torture for her poor bladder.

Suddenly her smart watch beeped on her wrist. "What was that?" Megan asked.

"Oh, I have a call with a client in 5mins. That was the reminder. I totally forgot about it! I can't afford to be late", Mary responded in a somewhat panicked voice.

"Oh dear! Well if you're as desperate as I am you should probably ask to cut the line. Or use the men's room. They never have a queue"

"Oh, no, I'm fine. I was just here to escort Alice actually - she came in for an interview" Mary started blubbering without even thinking about it. She couldn't believe Megan was actually talking to her about such private needs, and had automatically started the response before her conscious mind caught up.

Megan gave a doubtful look at Mary's crossed legs, but shrugged. "Well, in that case I can see Alice out! Don't you worry about it"

"Are you ssure?" Alice asked, voice quivering from the sheer effort of not breaking in to a pee-pee dance. A woman was releasing one hell of a gusher in the nearest stall. Her bladder throbbed in sympathy and she lost a few more drops, though she was pressing her thighs together for dear life.

"Of course! Alice, is that all right for you?"

Of course Alice agreed. Mary had no choice but to give up her position in the queue, and shuffle back to the conference room pretending like nothing was wrong.

*010*2018-09-04 13:02

{{On 8/31/2018 at 11:04 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I'm loving this

}}

Thank you! Glad to know you're enjoying it :)

{{On 9/1/2018 at 12:22 AM, jimpix123 said:

This is so fucking good bro we need a conclusion tho asap I'm dying haha

}}

Thanks! I thought I'll post two more chapters, but combined them in to one long one. So not much longer to wait ;)

*011*2018-09-04 13:16

{{On 8/31/2018 at 10:03 PM, Mickey said:

Mary had no choice but to give up her position in the queue, and shuffle back to the conference room pretending like nothing was wrong.

}}

5 hours since her last pee. 3 hours after she had after she had started needing to pee. 1hr after she thought she's desperate. 2 litres of fluids in her; 3 if you count her morning coffees. She was definitely at a 9.9/10 and losing the battle with her bladder.

Tears welled up in her eyes as she entered the conference room and locked the door behind her. Oh, bless those curmudgeonly old men who had decided to install locks on the conference room doors, for their "highly confidential executive meetings". She could at least suffer her losing battle in private.

She jammed both her hands in to her crotch and bent forwards. She was in trying so so hard to keep the pee locked in her bladder. But though she clenched all her muscles, she knew it was a lost cause. She would die of embarrassment if she wet herself (and how would she ever explain it to her boyfriend?) But oh, what could she possibly do!?

She stumbled towards her chair and sat on her heels. Her tight jeans were making the pressure unbearable. She unbuttoned the jeans and could immediately feel her bladder bulging outwards. Ahh, that gave some relief. She lightly brushed a hand against her bladder - it was harder than the desk.

The abortive trip to the bathroom had increased her desperation to a level she didn't even know existed. It was as if her body had already started relaxing in anticipation of release, and refused to tolerate the denial of relief. Oh, if only she had admitted her condition and tried to cut the line, or use the men's room. Now she was stuck for at least another hour without relief, and if she leaked any more her jeans was sure to show a wet spot. No, a 28-year old just doesn't piss herself - no matter the pressure.

Digging her heels against her pee-hole, and unzipping her jeans completely, provided her with some relief and enough composure to join the audio conference with her client and her boss.

###

While her boss was finishing up the introductions, Mary was desperately looking all around the room for a solution to her problem. She knew she had about 10minutes before she was expected to take over. She absolutely must do something to get relief before she began. Her bladder was potruding out of her body - she didn't even know bladders could distend to such an extent - and she was in absolute agony. She couldn't think straight, much less conduct a customer meeting.

While peeing in the trash can would be plain gross, and she would never do that to the cleaners, she was under no illusion that she'll survive another hour without incident, even sitting on her heel. She simply must pee right now. Somewhere. Anywhere.

Her eyes landed on the stack of paper napkins on the desk, and one of the abandoned (and empty) Starbucks cup from her morning coffee run. She had an idea.

Not a good one, but desperate times call for desperate means. The pee would come out, against her will if she didn't so something fast. And no way could she have a meeting with a client in this state of distress. She knew it was disgusting, but she also knew it was her only hope.

Her boss was almost finished, and she didn't have much time. She pulled at her jeans, the tight material taking forever to come down over her hips, as she squrimed and pee danced, hampering her efforts to pull down the jeans. She sank in to a squat behind the desk, and could barely wait to pull her panties out of the way, and the coffee cup in position before a stream of pee trickled out of her bloated bladder. It hit the cup with a low hiss, and she could feel its warmth through the thin cup.

She immediately tried to clamp her flow, but it was a good 20 seconds before she managed to stop. The Tall cup was almost full, and she had managed to stop just in time. Oh, if only this was a Venti! Her bladder was still hard, and bulging outwards, as if she were in the early months of a pregnancy. However she was thankful for small mercies. She still needed to pee like a race horse, but at least she might make it through without wetting herself like a toddler!

She quickly put the lid back and pulled her panties back up. She shoved a bunch of paper napkins in her panties.

Gross? Yes? This whole business was. But though she was determined to not let even a single drop leak for the duration of the meeting, this way, if she failed, the damage would be contained. She hoped.

She will dispose the coffee cup in the restrooms later. Right now, she had a client to awe. She didn't bother trying to button her jeans up. She knew it would put too much pressure on her bladder. She was barely under 9/10, even though she had filled the cup. She pushed her heel against her pee-hole and settled down just in time to hear her manager say "Mary, why don't you take us through your ideas?"

###

For the next 30 mins, she managed to not leak. She constantly squirmed around, alternately jamming her hand and her heel against her pee-hole. Concentrating on the meeting was proving very difficult in her situation, but she did her best. Worst of all, her throat was dry as the Sahara. She gulped a few mouthfuls from her bottle, but her throat was so dry, she finished half the bottle before she forced herself to stop. It felt like the water went straight to her bladder, and not all the pressing was enough to prevent a spurt escaping.

She gave an inaudible groan, as the inevitable discussion started between her manager and the client once her part was some. 20mins more to hang on. Her spinchter was so tired! And now she didn't have the distraction of actually leading the meeting. She couldn't just get up and go pee - she had to field the occasional question - and that meant the next 20minutes would be pure torture for her bladder.

It was beyond her ability to stop the occasional leaks and spurts, though she had twisted her legs in to pretzels and was pressing directly against her pee-hole. She could feel her muscles giving up, drops of urine slowly leaking in to her urethra that she was unable to stop and the inevitable flood on its way. There were tears in her eyes. She couldn't have an accident - not after holding on for so long!

10 minutes later, she was doing the unthinkable for the second time that day. As the pressure steadily built up, she had pulled her panties out of the way, and inserted a finger within herself to physically press just against her pee-hole. She used her fingers to massage herself, and that gave her some relief. She could feel her clit throb - whether in rhythm with the throbbing in her bladder or in response to her fingers she didn't know. It would be almost enjoyable if she wasn't bent double in pain, trying (and failing) not to wet herself.

###

And then she finally heard the magic words!

"It was nice chatting with you today! We can sync up again next week". The call was ending. 5mimutes early! Hallelujah!

Mary quickly said her goodbyes and ended the call. She needed to button up her jeans. But it didn't take her long to realize this was nearly impossible with the way her bladder was potruding out. The tissues she had wadded in through the last 30minutes were completely soaked by this point, and made it look like she was wearing diapers. The trash can looked more and more inviting, but she refused to go there. Instead she pulled up her jeans and zip as far as it would go, pulled her top down hoping to hide her potruding bladder and open jeans, and started waddling to the bathroom.

###

Finally, finally she was there. As she turned the knob, she prayed for an open stall - waiting even 10 more seconds was impossible in her state.

Luckilyfor her, the stall nearest to the door was open. As she entered her bladder gave out another spasm and she bent over, simultaneously crossing her legs, to control herself. She locked the door with one hand firmly pressed against her pee-hole through the lace panties and tore the jeans away.

She thought about removing her panties, but that would require moving her hand, and she wasn't sure she could manage it. A gush of pee against her hand made her decision for her. She sat down on the toilet and let her bladder relax. After holding for so long, her muscles wouldn't relax properly, and she could manage only a trickling flow that slowly emptied her, tortuously slowly. The wad of tissues and panties made the pee spread around her bum cheeks, warming her as it went. It felt gross, but she couldn't stop even if she wanted to.

She let herself pee like this for 30s, till she felt the pressure in her bladder reduce a bit and she wasn't in pain anymore. She cut her flow and inspected the damage. She finally removed her panties and realized they were not salvageable. Throwing them in the trash can along with the tissues, she quickly cleaned herself up using the toilet paper. She was still desperate to pee, and squirming, but she needed to feel clean first.

After about a minute she was satisfied, and her bladder was spasming again. Finally she let it rip - the pee gushing out of her felt so good! She almost orgasmed just from the relief. After a minute of hard peeing, the pee rushing like a jetspray out of her urethra, her bladder had deflated and her stream reduced to a trickle again. She hadn't been able to bite back the contented moan that escaped her lips - oh, you didn't know bliss till you took a much needed piss, after being denied for hours! This was almost as good as sex!

May be she should try this deliberately sometime, Mary thought. Not let it be as painful as today, but hold off peeing till she had amassed a gusher, and experience this orgasmic relief. The idea had its lure. She will have to think on this ...

X-X-X-X-X-X-X

Author's Note - And thus it ends :) Sorry if you were hoping for a wetting - I am more of a just-made-it guy. I have some idea of creating a sequel to this - probably Mary's boyfriend being desperate when he comes to pick her up ... Let me know if you would like a sequel.

Also, constructive criticism on how to improve my writing will be most welcome!

*015*2018-09-20 12:29

{{On 9/4/2018 at 7:26 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thank you! I really appreciated your prompt comment on each installment - it has encouraged me to write a sequel

{{On 9/4/2018 at 10:01 PM, ola93 said:

Very nice. A sequel would be appreciated 'though I'm personally not into male desperation and I'd enjoy something on e.g. Mary's idea to experiment with holding it more than something about her boyfriend getting desperate, but that's just me.

As for feedback, I think a little more detail on what her desperation makes a person feel, e.g. a pulsing bladder, a burning peehole etc. could improve your writing further, but really, this was great already.

}}

Thank you for the suggestion - will keep in mind in the next story.

{{On 9/17/2018 at 3:52 AM, Bangarang said:

The desperate boyfriend is a great idea! I wonder how she will react to it, will she be encouraging, teasing....only you know for now!

}}

Thank you for saying so I have started writing a sequel, will post something by the weekend.

###

Also, for the next part, I am trying to work in both a desperate boyfriend, and Mary growing in to her kink. May be holding her own pee to encourage her boyfriend?

I don't know how it will work out - but I really want to write a multi-view point story, so might as well as try and hope you'll enjoy it!

*017*2018-09-23 15:30

{{On 9/21/2018 at 11:20 PM, luckymon2 said:

Hey you did an amazing job with this! I'm actually really picky with omo stories but you're style really did it for me! You're a great writer and I love the length of the story as well because I love prolonged desperation. Can't wait for the sequel and more of your stories!!

}}

Thank you for letting me know you liked it I was afraid the length might turn people off - glad to know the prolonged desperation worked for you! The first part (or may be better to call it a teaser?) of the sequel is now up here

! Let me know your feedback on that ...

