[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 9

Author: Misteriousmr

*202*2016-11-13 20:28

Chloe instinctively grabbed her balls (ay lmao) and released her Pokemon. Emily soon followed suit, and soon the Galvantula, Gyarados, Camerupt, Aegislash, Noctowl, Regigigas and Groudon were ready for battle.

"Galvantula, use Zap cannon! Camerupt, use Eruption! Aegislash, use Ghost sneak! Regigigas, use Giga impact!"

"Gyarados, use Hyper beam! Noctowl, use Wing attack! Groudon, use Flamethrower!"

A yellow, an orange and a red beam struck the Pokémon, while a sword-shaped shadow creeped up the wall. Regigigas's massive hand pummled towards the Pokémon's head while Noctowl approached quickly with a glowing wing. A loud crash followed as stone rubble and dust blasted from where Zygarde had been. Chloe and Emily covered their eyes, and Chloe even lost her balance and fell. Once the silence had returned, Chloe looked up. Zygarde was unscathed. She looked around only to see Regigigas, who'd been standing in the water behind them, slowly fall backwards. His massive body crashed into the water, causing a huge splash to rise up. Chloe returned him to her Pokéball.

"My turn!" Lingula cheered.

The four appendages on Zygarde's back rose up, folding up over its shoulder, and a bright green beam shot forward, hitting both Noctowl and Groudon consecutively, and Emily returned them both to their Pokéballs.

"Galvantula, use-"

Zygarde's massive claw crashed down on Camerupt and Galvantula, instantly knocking them out.

"Gyarados, distract him!" Emily shouted, and soon Gyarados was zooming all over the place, with Zygarde following its movements.

"Now, Aegislash, use Sacred sword!"

Aegislash slashed from behind the Pokémon, causing it to roar in frustration. Its tail swooped up, launching the sword about 5 yards into the sea.

"Now, Gyarados, use Dragon rush!"

Gyarados headed straight for the Pokémon, a purple aura surrounding it. Zygarde rose up its arms into an X, causing Gyarados to came to a halt, putting all its power trying to break through. It roared, trying to push through, untill...

Zygarde swooped its arms outwards, causing a silver X-shape to form, as Gyarados crashed into the mountain, where it stopped moving.

"Hahahaaaa, I won!" Lingula was lying on top of the Pokémon's head, her feet dangeling over the side, "Now, Zygarde, wreak havoc upon this world!"

Chloe and Emily looked on. They lost. After all they'd done, they lost. How could they have? They had beaten every obstacle in their path, and now...Chloe dropped to her knees, tears welling up. She'd failed. Even with a Mega evolution and a legendary Pokémon, she couldn't win.

She looked up as the Pokémon floated out of the hole it had created. Its four limbs folded on its back, sticking out diagonally up, then down, almost like...like an...

"M"

Chloe gasped. She grabbed her backpack and opened a portion on the side, housing a single item. The purple ball was surprisingly light. She threw it upwards, but couldn't hit the Pokémon, and it didn't activate. She looked around for something to get up higher, when she heard some people running towards her. When she turned around, she saw a tall man with dark hair and a man in a labcoat run towards her, with behind them a Gardevoir floating along.

"Gardevoir, use Psychic on Chloe!" Tennebris yelled, and a blue glow formed around Chloe, and soon she was floating in mid-air. She was about 50 feet up in the air when she reconned she could hit it. She spun around once, and threw the ball with all her might. It hit the creature on the leg, and it was absorbed in a red light. Lingula shrieked as she fell down, before a blue glow caught her. Chloe looked around for the source, seeing a single, blue eye a bit away, slowly guiding the girl to the ground, but still dropping her 3 feet above ground, and Lingula landed with an uncerimonious "thump"

Chloe landed softly, walked over to the purple ball and waited. It clicked close, seemed the guy hadn't been lying when he said the ball had a 100% catch rate. She picked it up and attached it to her belt.

"Wha- Bu- no faaaaair!" Lingula pouted. Chloe just looked on. She realised she hadn't slept in almost 48 hours. She smiled, yhen everything went black.

Chloe woke up in a comfortable bed. She didn't open her eyes. Had it been a dream? She opened her eyes slowly and looked around. She was in the Inn. A loud snoring made it obvious Emily was still asleep. Chloe closed her eyes and fell asleep peacefully...

TO BE CONTINUED WITH LESS MASTERBALL

*207*2016-12-04 20:53

Haha okay then :3 Now that Sun and Moon are out I can use those Pokémon as well yaysers!

It was blurry. Chloe yawned and rolled over, making sure the blanket was covering her entire body. She softly landed on her girlfriends arm and she felt herself doze off again.

*knock knock*

Chloe groaned and tried to ignore it.

*knock knock*

Chloe sighed and slowly opened her eyes. Her view was mostly covered by the boob right in front of her, so she lifted herself up on one arm, wiping a few bangs out of her face. Her body felt bruised.

"Whosit?" she said towards the door.

"Sina and Dexo, we heard you caught a mythical Pokémon and have been sent by professor Sycamore to investigate."

Chloe groaned some more and started shaking her companion.

"Wake up, we have visitors."

Emily slowly opened her eyes and stuck out her tongue. Chloe got out of bed and put on a bathrobe, throwing one towards her girlfriend, which landed on her face.

In the doorway were two people. A female with purple hair and creme-coloured skin and a rather tall and thin man with blond hair.

"Mind if we come in?" the man said, looking into the room.

"Yeah, sure, come in"

The two took a seat on the chairs.

"Let me get right to the point..." the girl said, "you caught Zygarde, correct?"

"Ummm, yes, that's correct." Chloe said uncomfortably. She hadn't reliefed herself since she had an accident in the cave, and it was starting to nag.

"Then please, let me give you this." the man stood up and took a small, black-and-green device out of his pocket, handing it to Chloe.

"This is a Zygarde cube..." the girl explained, "it can retrieve Zygarde cells and Zygarde cores. You see, Zygarde is made up out of cells which bind together to take on diffrent forms. When you caught it, the cells scattered. After retrieving and reviewing some footage from you capturing Zygarde, we've estimated 50 cells are still missing. You can retrieve them with the cube to unleash Zygarde's full potential". Chloe's head was spinning, cells? Cores? 50? it was way too early for this. She looked at the clock. 1 PM. She ate her words. She casually crossed her legs to lessen the pressure on her bladder.

"They will've spread all over the region, so you'll need this."

The girl handed her a bag she'd been carying with her. Inside were two jumpsuits and a small, cellphone-like device.

"You can call on a Pokémon known as Tropius to carry you to wherever you want. Now, as a parting gift..."

The girl handed Chloe two plastic cards with an odd symbol on them.

"These cards, when shown at the airport, will give you acces to a far-off region called "Alola". We're going there next as well. We hope to see you there, you two deserve some rest..."

And with that, the two stood up. Dexio picked up the bag next to him and followed the girl to the door.

"See you soon!" he said cheerfully, putting on sunshades as he closed the door.

Chloe was frozen in place after the door had been closed, and she was focussing on the sound of the two walking away. When she couldn't hear them anymore...

"Aaaaaaahhh..."

With a sigh of relief she relaxed, and instantly she felt a warm dampness spread through her panties and into her pajamas. The soft silk became wet and heavy and soon she could hear the pattering on the ground. Her feet became surrounded in a small lake of urine as a warm pleasure moved through Chloe's netherregions. She moaned softly.

"Ok..." Emily said from the bed, once Chloe was done, "we're having sex, right now" and without hesitation, she pulled Chloe into the bed with her.

- TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE CAPS-LOCK

*209*2016-12-04 21:57

{{55 minutes ago, wheatley said:

You have to collect several items or you cannot progress through the story and you will be stuck here forever

}}

It's a sidequest though. They have Zygarde, but if they want to utilise it to its fullest potential, they have to search for the cells, it's pretty well implemented in Sun and Moon (where I copied the idea from, though there you start from scratch and have to find 100 cells, I'm at 90 right now)

*211*2016-12-05 16:27

Like during the walk past the ocean?

*213*2016-12-05 19:30

Haha thanks! And since it's one that exists in the games, it's easier to visualise :3

*214*2016-12-05 21:16

I don't know why, but I always find sexscenes difficult to write :/

*216*2016-12-06 12:12

"No, not "Wham", it's "Wham!", there's a diffrence!"

*218*2016-12-10 19:56

//Fuck it, skipped le sexy times due to lack of ideas

//Also, due to me being kind of an idiot, I made some mistakes, so imma just retcon them and say that Collage city is actually the 8th badge

"So...what do we do now?"

Emily and Chloe were lying next to eachother, a blanket barely covering their bodies. Chloe thought.

"Well, Alola sounds nice...but..."

From her nightstand Chloe grabbed an oak-wooden case and opened it. Inside were 7 badges, and one empty spot on the bottom right.

"Well, why don't we go ahead and beat the final gym, maybe even the elite four, and then we'll see what happens?"

Chloe smiled, somehow Emily always knew what she was thinking. She shut the case and got up, putting on a bra and underwear.

Collage city was quite a hike up the mountain. Halfway through the couple passed the hole in the side of the mountain, where a bunch of excavators were checking for rare rocks and fossils. After having walked for 1 1/2 hours of climbing the staircase-like rock, they reached a small outcrop with a bench. The two sat down and enjoyed the view. Chloe looked over and saw the treetops that covered littleroot town, realising she still hadn't met up with her parents yet. Emily was moving around uncomfortably.

"What's wrong dear?" Chloe asked.

"Toilet..." Emily mumbled softly. They hadn't put on the diapers today. Chloe looked at her with great pitty. She couldn't help her, however. Emily spasmd and a hand shot down into the crotch of her lightgrey pants. Chloe suddenly had one of the meanest ideas she'd had in a long time...

"Well, be better get moving then!" she said cheerfully and she stood up quickly, making sure to walk out of Emily's field of view. Emily was surprised at this sudden hurry and stood up more slowly, groaning as she did.

Suddenly, Chloe shot towards Emily from the back and wrapped her arms around her waist, just above the rim of her pants. She started squeezing her girlfriend. Emily's surprise and the sudden heavy pressure won from her clenched muscles and pee spurted out with a loud hissing sound.

"H-Hey...!" she could bring out when she realised what was happening. Dark streaks shot down her pants as a patch quickly expanded around her crotch. The insides of her legs were tickled by the stream of urine shooting downwards and splashing onto her shoes. She wasn't even resisting anymore, the stream seemed to take forever. Her legs became darker and darker, untill the flow finally slowed down to a trickle and ended. She looked down to observe the damage. She suddenly realised Chloe wasn't squeezing her anymore, and was freely fondeling, squeezing and massaging her boobs.

"Hey, you!" Emily did a step forwards, breaking Chloe's hold who fell backwards laughing, "you little perv!" Emily said, acting angrily, yet smirking severely.

"That's my revenge for you watching me this morning" Chloe laughed, standing up and dusting off her pants.

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MAYBE MESSING?

