[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 10

Author: Misteriousmr

*227*2017-02-04 18:50

Ok, so, why did I die? Because school. College has been sucking (hehe, sucking) all my time and energy recently, and I only have to occasionally check Omorg for a few moments before getting back to work. It may happen that after this post there's one or more weeks of nothing. Sorry for anyone who's waiting for new chapters, life's just...rough...

$

*230*2017-02-04 23:01

Thanks for understanding. I promise that when I come back to this, I'll have some broad strokes of where I want to go with this story, which makes it easier to write consecutive chapters closer after one another, instead of having to read your last chapter just to remember what happened :)

*231*2017-03-17 21:09

*kracks knuckles* "time to use a full restore on this topic!"

Emily was shaking, it was so, so cold. After her "accident" she'd used Gyarados to soak the entirety of her jeans to hide it. She sat atop Camerupt, hoping it would keep her warm, but she was still shivering. Around the two was a layer of snow, sometimes interrupted by a single tree or frozen pond.

"I told you you should've worn a diaper!"

"Yeah well I didn't squeeze anybody!"

"We'll get you dressed when we're at the village, which shouldn't be much further." Chloe said, flipping through her trusty booklet. She followed the path with her finger up until where they were and started calculating the distance. "Only about ten minutes!"

"Ten minutes? But the town is nowhere to be see-" just as she said it, they went over the top of a hill, revealing the huge town in front of them. Even from this distance, the huge icesculpture of a Dragonair, Rayquaza and Salamence gathered around the Dragon-type symbol was visible.

Shortly after, the two girls were sitting on the bed in the "Dracorigin Inn". Emily unbuttoned her pants and tried to take them down, only to find them stuck.

"Chloe, a little help?"

Chloe bend down and started pulling at the trousers, doing her best not to sneak a peek at the cute Cleffa-themed panties her girlfriend was wearing, though by the time the pants had hit the ground, she could tell you in detail exactly what they looked like. Emily put on some new jeans and looked at herself in the mirror.

"Say..." she started, not turning around, "how are we going to take on a dragon-type gym with no fairy, dragon or ice types?"

Chloe hadn't really thought about this, but she did realise she had nothing to counter this gym.

"We'll figure something out, and I do have Zygarde, but right now, I am famished, let's go get something to eat"

They walked through the town, this time with thick, padded jackets; Chloe's in pink, Emily's in a deep purple. They finally decided to just grab a burger at the local snackbar.

When they entered, a warm, delicious smell fell over the two girls, and Chloe instantly felt saliva develop in her mouth. They hadn't eaten in hours, and the two quickly sat down at a table, waiting to order.

Chloe had devoured two burgers, a hot dog, three portions of french fries, the local specialty (a Kingdra burger on a bed of Exeggutor leaves) and a large soda. Emily too had taken the specialty, two hotdogs and a bucket full of french fries, topped of also with a large soda. Chloe was slouched over in her seat, and Emily could swear her stomache had expanded, as a small line of skin could be seen poking from underneath her shirt. The two paid and went back to the Inn, diving into their warm bed once they had changed. They huddled up close to eachother as the moon slowly rose above the ocean, visible in the distance from their window.

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE SLEEPS

(Also, how do you guys want the messing to happen? Not gonna say when or where it's going to happen, but it is, so tell me what you want what you really really want!)

*233*2017-03-21 00:14

Chloe was staring out of the window, she couldn't sleep. It was dark, and the full moon had risen quite a bit above the water's surface, stars around it like little lanterns. Emily shuffled about and woke up slightly.

"Chloe?" her drowsy voice brought out. Chloe turned her head, just missing the quick, slightly bat-shaped shadow shooting across the illuminated moon.

"I'm here" Chloe simply said. Emily smiled and turned around, soon falling back into a deep slumber. Chloe started thinking about the upcomming gym. She had Zygarde, but still, that wouldn't be enough. What if the gym leader had a Pokémon like Kingdra? It would be a perfect counter...Tomorrow she'd go out and try catching a new Pokémon...

Chloe and Emily were in the Pokémon centre, standing around the PC. Emily and Chloe both put some of their Pokéballs into the slot underneath the machine and saw small, pixelated Pokémon appear on the screen: Camerupt, Regigigas, Galvantula, Groudon and Luxray all appeared. Emily sighed.

"It just feels wrong, you know?"

"Yeah, but now we can catch more Pokémon!"

The mountaintop was beautifull. There were pinetrees everywhere covered in snow and with thin, blunt icicles hanging from the branches. Emily and Chloe looked around, but couldn't make out any Pokémon in the blanket of snow that permanently covered the ground. They kept moving, making sure not to get lost, when suddenly...

*crunch*

Emily looked at her feet and bent over. She picked up the odd rock she'd stood on. It was a light blue crystal-like stone, with a snowflake pattern that seemed on the inside. It was like a prism, no matter which way you turned it, the snowflakes were always visible, as if they'd been caught stuck in time itself. Chloe and Emily looked at eachother with raised eyebrows, and Emily put it in the pocket of her jacket before the two walked on. Chloe suddenly jutted out her arm, stopping Emily. She put a finger in front of her mouth when Emily looked over, and pointed.

In the distance, just beyond a rather bare, cold-looking berry tree, were two yellow strands of hair sticking straight upwards, moving around quite wildly. Chloe reached for a Pokéball and soon enough Aegislash had presented itself.

"Aegislash, use Sacred Sword!"

The blade took its shield to the side of its body and slashed forward, leaving an orange-y streak behind it as it slash downwards onto the creature. It rose up slowly, being larger than either girl had expected, and slowly turned around. It's white, fur-covered body was plump and round, with four stindly legs keeping it upright. It had two large arms ending in paw-like claws. The blue face with doofy eyes looked around, a bit confused.

"I've heard of these..." Emily started flipping through her guidebook:

"Crabominable. This Pokémon, originally hailing from the Alola region, was brought over to combat the overpopulation of its prey: Vanillite. Known for their large stature and immense power, these Pokémon are quite dull-witted and not very fast. Still, it is recommended not to engage one, as it can pulverise a dumptruck in a single hit."

"Heh, sounds like a good adition to my team...Aegislash, use Aerial Ace!"

Moving nibly through the air, the sword landed. Crabominable's ayes slowly rose up, as it started figuring out what was happening. Emily looked over to her right, thinking she saw something.

"Use King's Shield, quickly!"

A glowing shield appeared as Crabominable's claw crashed into it, creating sparks. Emily looked again, this time squinting a bit. She bent her knees, supporting her weight with the back of her feet, looking underneath a pinetree.

"Iron head, now!"

Emily merely heard the crash of the reinforced sword plunging itself into the Crabominable once again, to occupied with the rustling going on underneath the foliage, when she suddenly gazed into a deep brown, almond-shaped eye.

"Finish it with a False Swipe"

Emily froze, maintaining eye contact with the creature. She lowered herself, trying to show she was not a threat. The creature looked more curious than scared, and Emily slowly took an empty Pokéball out of her pocket.

Chloe threw the Pokéball in a big arc, hitting the Pokémon on the side of the head. It wiggled, and wiggled, and...

*crack*! The Pokémon broke free, instantly smashing its claw into Aegislash, who flew through the air and landed at Chloe's feet.

Emily put the Pokéball in the snow, a bit away from the creature, who looked at it. It slowly moved from under the tree and Emily could finally see what it looked like. It had a shining white fox-like body, with a white tuft of hair on its head and a number of similair tail-like appendages. It sniffed the Pokéball for a bit before curling up in front of it, looking at Emily.

Aegislash landed another hit on the Pokémon and Chloe threw another Pokéball. This time, however, it clicked shut.

"Yessss..." Chloe said under her breath, the cold making her tired fast. She walked over to collect it.

Emily picked up the Pokéball and aimed, softly clicking the button as the Pokémon was absorbed instantly, and stayed put...

TO BE CONTINUED BECAUSE IT'S 1:30 AM

*234*2017-03-21 14:09

"Lemme seeeee!"

Emily grinned and took her Pokéball from her belt. It was still cold from laying in the snow. She released the small Pokémon into their room. It looked around for a bit before jumping onto the bed and curling up.

"Oh my gooooodddddd, that is the cutest thing I've ever seen!" Chloe squeeled, looking at the bright white furball on the bed.

"You know what it is?"

"It looks familiar, but no, I've never seen one like this. Is it in the booklett?"

"Nope, allready checked, though I think it may be connected to this Pokémon" Emily said, while showing Chloe a page from the book.

"Vulpix. Some people think this Pokémon and its evolved form, Ninetails, is a deity of some sort. It shoots embers from its mouth when threatened. It is rarely kept as an exotic pet, though this may be dangerous and anyone who wants to adopt one needs a special permit to keep one, as since it hasn't been captured, it cannot be kept in a Pokéball. In some regions, its appearance is altered." Chloe read aloud, while Emily stroked her Pokémon.

"Maybe nurse Joy knows? She's been here longer than us, so..."

"This is a Vulpix."

"But it doesn't look like one!"

"Correct, this species was brought over from another region, as it was more adept at survival in the cold. We bring Pokémon over from diffrent regions to enhance the diversity of Pokémon in the wild" the nurse added, and Emily swallowed the question she was about to ask.

"I'm guessing it's not a fire type?" Chloe said

"No, it's an ice type. It is said to evolve when exposed to a certain stone."

"Ok, thank you!" Emily said

"No problem!" Joy waved as the two left the center

"Where should we train up our Pokémon? I don't think it's a good idea to train up here, it'll take forever!" Emily said, fearing being stuck in the cold all day training her Pokémon.

"I thought maybe the desert? There's a lot of ground types there."

"You got it, boss!" Emily said while releasing Noctowl.

The desert was as vast as the two had remembered. There was sand as far as the eye could see, only occasionally interrupted by a palm tree or cactus. They had eaten lunch before comming here, and the sun was just past its highest point. Chloe and Emily released their Vulpix and Crabominable, which created a stark contrast between their white bodies and the yellow sand. The sand underneath Crabominable's feet instantly became damp as it entered a constant state of freezing and instantly melting. Emily looked at Chloe with raised eyebrows.

"It's feet are made of ice that freezes anything it touches." Chloe explained, "I read up about him online."

Emily nodded, before turning to Vulpix. She felt a slight numbness around her stomach, though she barely noticed it.

"Vulpix, use Blizzard!"

Vulpix reared its head and let out a long, high-pitched, almost song-like howl, as an Excadrill reared its head above the sands...

The two girls sat on their bed. Looking over to the approaching darkness above the water Chloe couldn't help but smile. They'd trained for hours, raising their Pokémon's power. Vulpix was in a corner of the room, curled up but its eyes wide open. It slowly got up and walked over to the door.

"What is it?" Emily asked, not expecting any reaction.

The Vulpix spun around a few times before focussing on the jackets hanging from a rack next to the door. It got up close and started sniffing. Emily got up and walked over, kneeling down next to her Pokémon and petting its head.

"Hey...hey, what's up?" she whispered, trying to figure out what had her Pokémon this interested. She took her jacket off of the rack and put it on the ground. Vulpix stepped onto it, sniffing around some more. Chloe watched from the bed, head slightly tilted. Eventually, Vulpix dug its nose into one of the pockets.

"What's in there? Hmm?" Emily put her hand in the pocket, causing Vulpix to sit down and look at her full of expectation. Out of the pocket a bright, gem-like, light blue stone...

With an unmistakable snowflake pattern.

TO BE CONTINUED WITH STONES?

*236*2017-03-21 17:24

Haha don't worry, I haven't, just wanted to move on with the story for a bit :3

*237*2017-03-21 20:57

Remember: if there's anything you guys wanna see (a plot point, a setting, a scenario, whatever) just tell me! I want this fic to be part of me, but also be a part of you guys, I want you all to enjoy it, and if there's anything at all I can do to improve this experience, do speak up :D

*239*2017-03-21 22:02

{{14 minutes ago, wheatley said:

OH MY GOD ALOLAN VULPIX now to get alolan ninetales you need a rock that's basically the definition of hypothermia.

As for the improvements... more lesbian sex.

*gets slapped in the face*

Okay maybe not.

}}

Glenn used Wide Guard! Glenn protected Wheatley!

There you go, no slapping!

Haha, sure thing! As I said, just tell me :)

*242*2017-03-27 18:14

{{2 hours ago, Espeon54 said:

I really like this a lot the plot is very well done generally good job on this.

}}

Awww thanks! I try my best to put as much diversity in this story as I can, hope I'm doing well :)

*244*2017-03-30 19:27

Also guys, don't worry, I got some plans that will come into play soon that will "satisfy your needs" if you catch my drift ;)

*248*2017-03-31 15:23

{{59 minutes ago, GaminDan said:

So I don't have to re-read who wants to fill me in??

}}

Main characters:

- Chloe: smol, has quite an ass, brown hair, kinda cutesy

- Emily: tol, rockchick, boobalicious, don't take shit from nobody

Teams:

Chloe:

- Galvantula [Generation 5, Black/White] (PC)

- Camerupt [Generation 3, Ruby/Saphire/Emerald] (PC) (Mega stone) <Shiny>

- Regigigas [Generation 4, Diamond/Pearl/Platinum] (PC)

- Aegislash [Generation 6, X/Y]

- Zygarde [Generation 6, X/Y]

- Crabominable [Generation 7, Sun/Moon]

Emily:

- Luxray [Generation 4, Diamond/Pearl/Platinum] (PC)

- Noctowl [Generation 2, Gold/Silver/Crystal]

- Alolan Vulpix [Generation 7, Sun/Moon]

- Gyarados [Generation 1, Red/Blue/Yellow] (Mega stone)

- Groudon [Generation 3, Ruby/Saphire/Emerald] (Red orb)

Arcs (in order of appearance):

Gyms:

- The duo try to beat all the gyms in the current region, currently at the last one on a mountaintop

- Ongoing

Darkrai:

- Chloe was pestered by nightmares, courtesy of Darkrai

- Darkrai was helb captive by a scientist named Tenebris

- Tenebris wanted to use Darkrai to raclaim his deceased brother by giving everyone nightmares, which Ghost-type Pokémon are attracted to

- The duo stopped him seconds after activating the machine

- His brother turned out to have reincarnated as a Ralts

- Completed

Groudon:

- Being led by Ralts, who had stolen the red orb, the duo found a cave

- Inside was Groudon, Emily caught it after batteling it

- Completed

Regigigas:

- The duo found a strange text on a beach, which led them to a cave

- Inside the cave they battles the three regis

- Chloe caught Regigigas after batteling it

- Completed

Camerupt:

- The duo happened upon some ruins while traveling

- They were ambushed by a Spiritomb

- Chloe beat it, but Spiritomb used a final, unknown attack to take down Camerupt

- While trying to heal it, the PC-machine exploded

- Camerupt turned shiny

- Completed

Zygarde:

- The duo was kidnapped from a hotel by thugs and brought into a cave

- This was the resting place of Zygarde, and a team Skull admin, Lingula, wanted to awaken it to cause destruction

- She was going to use the duos legendaries to awaken it, and was succesfull

- Zygarde was caught by Chloe using a previously-obtained Master ball

- Completed

Alolan:

- The duo obtained plane tickets to travel to Alola

- Hasn't started yet

The oalanl eytsmyr:

- eht dou emats pu iwht oelork to ekat no a wen therat

- ti's a seterc to yvyedbeor

- nsah't tatedsr tey

Well, I hope that helped to catch up! New chapter...episode.......post coming soon!

