She wouldn’t let him go: the agent (part 2)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-03-06 16:05

Ashleigh’s phone rang and as she answered it Tyler saw an opportunity. His bladder ached and his dick tingled furiously. While Ashleigh’s back was turned he stood up quietly and swiftly bolted towards the door. His hand was on the door handle as he felt his body be pulled back. She might be two thirds his height but Ashleigh was much much stronger than she looked. While casually continuing to talk she held onto Tyler’s waist band so tightly his clothing almost ripped. The front of Tyler’s trousers tightened over his distended bladder causing him to bend forwards and wrap his arms around his rock hard bladder. He turned to see Ashleigh’s eyes dig into his, intimidating, threatening and determined.

If only just to ease the intense pressure on his stomach Tyler stepped back as Ashleigh suddenly let go of his clothing without warning causing him to topple backwards and land on the floor. As Ashleigh said goodbye to the caller she swung a leg quickly over Tyler, who had both hands flat on the floor behind him and who was now trying to sit up and get back to standing, his knees bend and feet flat on the floor. Ashleigh now stood looking right down over him, for the first time towering over him, her back against his bent knees as Tyler lifted one hand off the ground and squeezed his crotch. Like a terrified animal he whimpered anxiously, “I gotta piss! I would have come right back you know!”

Laughing but now reaching a hand down to help Tyler up Ashleigh grinned. “You can see to that later...maybe. Right now it’s time to face the photographers out there. They’ve waited long enough...”

“But...can I not just pee first? Please! It’s really urgent!”

As Tyler stood up Ashleigh moved to physically block the door as she pulled the office curtains open and camera flashes immediately filled the room. Tyler really really wanted to push her aside. She was in his house, he’d had enough of her games and the toilet was just a few doors away. But he only needed to think about that tweet and the trouble it had caused him to realise that if he even laid a finger on Ashleigh the cameras would catch it. She knew exactly what she was doing and he now knew it.

Hoping the photographs might be quick he squeezed his crotch as he headed to his own front door. Ashleigh opened the door and stood right at it out of sight of the cameras preventing Tyler from pushing past even if he wanted to. Squeezing his muscles as tightly as he could Tyler tried acting as casual and relaxed as possible as he heard reporters verbally throwing question after question to him and cameras flashed from every angle imaginable.

“Tyler do you regret that tweet?”

“Tyler what do you have to say for yourself?”

“Tyler were you drunk when you posted and do you still stand by your words?”

“Tyler are you aware of the implications of what you wrote?”

Tyler took a deep breath. He knew what he wanted to say but he could feel the stern eyes and intimidating look from Ashleigh and he knew from hours of previous media interviews what he had to say, even if it wasn’t the truth.

“I stand by my words though I obviously regret the hurt they might have caused. It is an unfortunate situation and one which I would rather move on from and for the sake of my own privacy and that of the other person mentioned I hope we will both be allowed the time and privacy to sort this matter out. It is not my place to say any more. Thank you for your time.”

Tyler was shaking standing at his own front door. Never before had he felt so bullied and overwhelmed but right now the cameras and media attention weren’t the only thing putting intense pressure on him. He curled his toes and clenched hard as wave after wave of pressure in his bladder pushed harder and harder for release. When Ashleigh touched his arm subtly it sent electric waves through his tense body almost causing him to have an accident right in full view of the cameras! Moaning through clenched teeth Tyler was so relieved when Ashleigh closed the door over and smiled.

“You are finally getting the hang of this Tyler Trembly. The car crash you made of the news earlier was cringe worthy but that was...pretty ok...though you look so tense all the time! That doesn’t make you look believable! You need to relax more!”

“Relax! I can’t bloody relax can I? Well not until you let me fucking piss!! Now would you move so I can use my own bloody bathroom before I piss myself!”

Tyler was frustrated, stressed, angry and so uncomfortable and full. All he could think about now was getting his dick out and pissing an ocean. But Ashleigh wasn’t allowing that!

Grabbing Tyler’s arm tightly and using her body to press his against the wall, her large breasts almost touching his crotch due to the height difference, she looked up at him.

“I could just push you away Ashleigh. In fact if you don’t move I’ll piss all over you! Now come on. Enough is enough now! Just let me go to my own bathroom ok!”

“And if you so much as lay a finger on me Tyler I will just open that door again and get it all on camera. Is that what you want? Wouldn’t that work well after that tweet you are already known for? Now I said you are free to go right after your last interview. Anyway, I’ve been here hours now and had just as much fluids as you have and you don’t see me acting like a spoiled child begging for a toilet break do you? It’s called being professional Tyler...something you clearly need to work on more! Now how about you make us both a cuppa again then we can try and get the rest of this media stuff done and I can get away. I’m sure that’s what you want don’t you?’

Tyler stood shaking with a hand tightly grasping his crotch. Antsy and agitated he looked down at Ashleigh and replied.

“Yes I do want you to leave! I want my life back! I want to chill and get on with stuff and talk to my mates and...fucking pee...look I don’t mind doing the interviews and all that. Really I don’t but not in agony like this with a full bloody bladder. Honest to God I am going to piss myself here! Look I’ll make you a cuppa or whatever you want but AFTER I use the toilet? Please!”

“Actions have consequences Tyler. You of all people should know that by now. You need to learn better self control! I don’t want to have to be back here again fielding journalists and press because you once again lost all self control. So you’ll learn the hard way. You can make me a cuppa then maybe you might get time to...you know...but you have channel Four news live shortly and I need to get some photos of you for the national press agency too.”

For the first ever time since purchasing his house Tyler cursed its layout as Ashleigh pushed him into his galley kitchen near the front door and closed the door behind her using her body to block it from reopening.

‘A dash of milk and two sugars please. That pizza hasn’t half left me thirsty. What about you? I don’t want you having a dry mouth during your interviews now...’

Tyler was bent forwards crossed legged in pain.

‘Come on! What’s the deal with this crap? Can’t you see I’m in pain here?’

‘And you don’t think that stupid tweet of yours caused anyone pain did you? Just make me some tea Tyler and quit moaning!’

Tyler pushed against the kitchen counter with his crotch as he picked up the kettle to check how much water it had. Damn! It was empty. He picked it up anxiously and stepped across to the sink. Placing the kettle flat in the sink he turned on the tap to fill it while he placed both hands on the kitchen counter and stretched a leg out behind him. The noise of the water and the sight of it flowing tormented his mind and bladder beyond belief and he bounced furiously on his heels. Muttering to himself and not caring if Ashleigh could hear he grimaced through clenched teeth, “fuck I’m bursting!” At least the cameras seems to have finally dispersed he thought as he turned the tap off and took the kettle over and turned it on. Grabbing his crotch and fondling himself like mad he couldn’t care anymore what he looked like or how embarrassed he was. He just HAD to get to the toilet so very urgently.

Ashleigh remained standing her eyes fixed on Tyler’s every move.

‘Please please can I just so for a whizz?’

‘Nope’

‘Oh God come on. Do you get some sort of sick gratification from me like this? Are you making money from me or something? Why are you doing this? Is this some sort of sick joke?’

‘You really need to do your homework Tyler Trembly. That’s all I am going to say.’

Tyler couldn’t believe how long it was taking his kettle to boil! Crippled with pulsations from his now rock hard bladder he could barely stand straight and sweat was pouring down his back. He pulled a high stool over and straddled it, his hand caressing his aching penis as he rubbed his penis off the seat of the stool ready to explode.

“Oh God! I can’t do this...I can’t hold this...oh shit it’s coming out...”

Tyler moaned as drips seeped out of the top of his soft penis despite his continued squeezing and manipulating it.

‘I think that’s the kettle boiled now Tyler. I’m still waiting on my tea here you know!’

His cheeks inflated, his face red and his heart racing Tyler slipped a hand inside his trouser waistband and circled his penis tight with one hand as he reached for a mug with the other. He could feel his knuckles white with the force he was gripping himself yet still he could feel his underwear damper still more. With his free hand he tried to unscrew his tea bag caddy but it wouldn’t budge. Instinctively he pushed the metal caddy against his stomach to help hold the cylinder but all that did was press on his aching full bladder. He needed both hands but if he removed the hand in his crotch he knew immediately what would happen.

“Do you need a hand there?”

“Fuck Fuck! I’m dying to piss here! This is agony!”

Tyler hadn’t meant to do what happened next but, as with the tweet the night before, impulse took over and he was unable to resist. Maybe Ashleigh was right about his lack of self control but some things were beyond anyone, especially under the intense pressure Tyler was under.

Ashleigh stepped over towards Tyler and took the tea bag caddy out his sweaty warm hand. Fascinated that Tyler didn’t use the opportunity to slip past her to the toilet she watched him avidly as his face contorted and his body arched forwards at the waist, his crotch darkening slowly as a wet patch slowly grew. Ashleigh unscrewed the tea bag tin and handed the container to Tyler. His eyes met hers as she saw the pain, stress and urgency in his entire body but yet she still didn’t expect what happened next...

Unable to control himself a millisecond more Tyler used the hand wrapped tightly around his penis to pull out his dick over the waistband of his trousers and underwear in one urgent speedy fluid movement as he immediately pushed the tea bag jar up to the end of his penis as he unclamped his grip one finger at a time.

The trickle that followed seemed laughable compared to the mountain of fluid inside Tyler but the pressure was so strong his body wasn’t allowing itself to relax right away. Still with the container already half full of tea bags that probably wasn’t a bag thing until he urine quickly reached the top and Tyler screamed as he tried to cut the flow.

‘It won’t stop! Ashleigh it won’t stop!”

With her eyes still firmly transfixed on Tyler’s crotch and his pissing willy Ashleigh reached behind herself onto the counter and grabbed the mug Tyler had got ready for her tea. Without thought she used her other hand to put the now heavy tea bag container on the counter as she swiftly replaced it with the mug as Tyler continued pissing slowly but steadily.

As if now given full permission to relax the speed and volume of his urine increased exponentially as the mug filled within seconds and Tyler shouted again frantically...

‘Grab something else! Quick! It won’t stop!’

Ashleigh looked around having to think urgently. Heavily distracted by what she was watching and, unbeknown to Tyler, her own very full bladder, she grabbed the first thing her hands came across and placed it where the now full mug had been. Tyler was beyond caring as his body continued to release urgently all it had been holding onto for hours and hours. With his eyes half closed and his heart racing he half made out the shape of the kettle but there was no way on earth he could stop the fountain that was cascading out of him. As he heard the splashing and swirling getting louder he dared to finally fully open his eyes as the urine finally slowed down from his penis.

‘I...I...was...’

‘You were desperate Tyler? You were so bursting you couldn’t wait? The tingling and pressure was so strong you couldn’t bear it any longer? You thought your eyes would float away you had to piss so much? Your bladder was so rock hard and full of urine you could hardly stand up straight any more? The pressure between your legs was so heavy and burdensome you wanted to scream? You would sell your soul just to find a bathroom and be able to use it such was your need? You were so overwhelmed with urgency you felt you might collapse? Was that what you were about to say?’

As Tyler shook the final drops from his now half hard penis into his own overflowing kettle he looked up as his eyes met Ashleigh’s once again.

‘God yes! I have never in my whole life had to go so badly. That was intense! But why? Why wouldn’t you let me go?’

Lifting the heavy full kettle onto the counter and opening the cupboard where Tyler had earlier pulled out a mug Ashleigh grabbed a glass tumbler and placed it on the counter. As she continued answering Tyler, who was still panting and sighing in relief with his anatomy still hanging loose, she flipped her long red hair behind her shoulders and hitched her suit dress up over her hips. Swiftly and boldly she then used both hands to pull down her tights to her knees as she slipped the tumbler between her legs. As she peed loudly into the glass, her eyes watching carefully as it filled she spoke as if this was as ordinary thing to happen as shaking hands.

“For a few reasons Tyler. Firstly that woman you wrote about in your tweet last night? She’s my best friend! I wanted you to experience the humiliation you caused her. Karma? Revenge? Payback? Call it what you like but now you have some idea how horrible it is when someone embarrasses you and pushes you to your limit don’t you...and secondly....pass me another glass will you...I still have loads left to release here...”

Blinking in shock Tyler stepped nearer the cupboard and reached for another tumbler. Handing it to Ashleigh he obediently took the now full glass off her sitting it on the counter next to all the containers he’d just pissed into too. As Ashleigh put the second tumbler between her legs and resumed pissing loudly and strongly Tyler had to ask...

“And secondly?”

“Well, maybe I do have a bit of a ‘thing’ for men with full bladders and you didn’t disappoint. It was all so much better when I was just as desperate as you were but not letting on. Oh boy you have no idea how much I needed this...while you were on the lunchtime news live earlier I honestly thought I was a goner. When you were at the door I felt faint with the pressure in my bladder and while you filled the kettle...look...I actually leaked a bit. But God it was worth every second to get you back...fuck you’d better get me a third glass...I can’t believe I had this much inside me...”

Tyler’s heart raced, his mouth felt inexplicably dry and sticky and his penis suddenly hard and throbbing. Stuff those interviews, forget the press releases, fuck the whole lot of them...right now his mind and body wanted only one thing and the dripping wet vagina right in front of him belonging to a very sexy, manipulating and controlling goodness was all he could stare at and think about. He didn’t care right now how much she wanted or needed another glass to piss in, he didn’t even care that in the other room he could hear phones ringing constantly, he had one need now and one need only, and just like his need to piss earlier this need was now every bit as urgent and necessary.

Ashleigh placed the second glass of warm foamy pee on the counter by the other one and went to reach for a third glass. As she did so Tyler grabbed her wrist firmly with one hand while his other very brazenly reached down to Ashleigh’s crotch and stroked her. Feeling her warm wetness his whole body shook with sudden desire.

‘Fuck. You seriously did enjoy me bursting then?’

Ashleigh nodded.

Tyler smirked.

‘Well you know how rubbish my self control is don’t you? You’re not gonna say I can’t do this too are you?’

Ashleigh coughed nervously.

‘We all have our limits Tyler. Some things just need to happen regardless of the consequences. Just don’t tweet about this though will you?’

Tweet? That was the absolute last thing Tyler was thinking about as he already decided that before Ashleigh left he’d not only ask for her number but he’d have plenty to drink too.

*002*2021-03-06 19:32

{{1 hour ago, holding_king said:

Wow! Oh my god that was amazing! The growing power dynamic between those two especially when she stood over him on the floor, I could picture the whole scene so clearly! I love when he finally stops fighting and just does what Ashleigh wants! Incredible story! And it seems like it’s left open for a sequel?!?

}}

Definitely won’t be the last you hear from Tyler and Ashleigh...

