Stormpooper

Author: MaskedOmo

*000*2024-02-16 17:23

TK-1734 marched down the stark corridors of the Imperial Star Destroyer, her white stormtrooper armor gleaming brightly under the white lights. She was a seasoned Stormtrooper, loyal to the Empire and dedicated to her duty. But today, duty was taking on a whole new meaning.

As she patrolled the ship's decks, a sudden urge to pee seized her body, causing her to wince lightly beneath her helmet. She drank a large amount of water earlier, maybe too much, and now her bladder felt like it could burst. Sweat was coming down her forehead, as she fought to maintain her calm around fellow troopers, but the pressure had only begun.

Ignoring the discomfort, TK-1734 continued her rounds, trying to focus on the task at hand, patrolling the Star Destroyer. But with each passing minute, the urgency in her bladder grew more intense. She shifted from foot to foot inside the elevator, desperate for relief anytime soon.

Minutes dragged on like hours as TK-1734 fought to keep control, her confident marching turning into tight waddling. She glanced around frantically, searching for any sign of a restroom, but each passing moment only heightened her desperation.

Finally, unable to bear it any longer, TK-1734 excused herself from her patrol and rushed towards the nearest restroom she could find. But as she approached, she was met with a sight that made her courage crumble... a line of fellow stormtroopers were queued outside the door.

TK-1734 painfully joined the line, her bladder reaching it's peak capacity as she clutched her abdomen with both hands. The urgency intensified, sending sharp waves of discomfort through her abdomen. She clenched her muscles, feeling as though she might lose control at any moment and embarrass herself in front of other troopers. The other troopers all stood emotionless in line, seeming to have no emergency, unlike TK-1734.

"Please," she attempted to plead with the trooper in front of her as she moved down the line, her voice strained, "I really need to go. Can you let me in front?"

The trooper glanced back at her, his expression hidden behind his helmet. "Orders are orders. Lines are lines."

TK-1734 tried again, her desperation clearly in her voice. "Please, I really can't wait much longer. It's an emergency!"

But the trooper merely shook his head, unmoved by her pleas.

Hopping occasionally and bending down to maintain control over her bladder, TK-1734 realized there was no relief in sight if she stayed in line. She groaned and left the line, racing through the ship's corridors, her steps echoing loudly down the halls. She dodged past crew members, her focus solely on finding a restroom, she could not spare another moment of standing in place.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity of running left and right, TK-1734 stumbled upon a mysterious restroom tucked away in a remote corner of the ship. With a surge of relief, she burst through the door, breathing heavily as she scrambled to lock it. She sighed as she viewed the glorious toilet in front of her, awaiting her release.

With trembling hands, TK-1734 quickly scrambled with her lower armor, tossing the plastoid plates aside, and ripping her black, spandex, under-armor apart, barely managing to lower herself onto the seat in time.

The tension drained from her body as she finally found the relief she so desperately needed. The discomfort of her bladder eased away with each exhale as she let loose. She closed her eyes underneath her helmet, leaning against the toilet cover, allowing herself to fully relax for the first time in what felt like ages.

TK-1734 let out a long exhale, the sound echoing in the mini-bathroom. She moaned as her stream continued spraying into the bowl, making a loud sound that drained all other sounds outside. The stream was fast and strong, dragging out for as long as it could.

"That was... so... close," she gasped, a shiver of relief coursing through her as she finally relaxed her tense muscles, with the stream dying down.

As the last droplets of her discomfort fell into the toilet, TK-1734 opened her eyes, and reached for the toilet paper. But her eyes widened as she realized there was none left. She stared at the empty roll for a few seconds, and sighed. She had ripped apart a part of her under-amor, and she had no way of cleaning herself either.

She sighed to herself, and stayed seated, relieved but trapped in the small restroom, hoping someone would come to her rescue any time soon...

