Reasons She Couldn’t Go: Too shy to ask

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-06-20 23:47

Too shy to ask

Jean really wanted to go on holiday but there was one thing stopping her: her boss wouldn’t let her go unless she found someone else to cover her shifts for the week she was away. Jean called her sister begging her to help, knowing she had regularly worked the bar at their dad’s pub in her twenties and early thirties before she married Jeff. Sure she’d now been married nearly twenty years but a pint was a pint and once a barmaid always a barmaid surely?

Jeff answered and Jean made small talk first before asking to speak to Janis. She mentioned how much her holiday meant to her, how seeing her grandchildren was so important with another new baby just born and how frustrating it was that Gary was insisting she found cover herself. She reminisced about the ‘good old days’ working at dad’s pub and the many regulars they both remembered. Janis seemed happy and relaxed and Jean went in for the kill.

‘Please please Janis. It’s only a week and the money will really help you out. You’ll love it and I bet you anything the regulars love you! Please do it for me?’

Caught up in the moment Janis agreed and early Monday evening she put on her jeans and a low cut top, showing off her figure that for a woman in her mid fifties was still in incredible shape . Jeff whistled as she said goodbye and jokingly told her to behave.

‘As if I’d do anything else!’ Janis joked back as she headed out and walked the half mile to the local pub where her sister had been the barmaid for 8 years.

Gary was grateful for the shift being covered and quickly showed Janis how everything worked. As she was unfamiliar with the till he suggested he take payments and she serve. Janis was fine with this as, unlike her sister, she was less outgoing, more shy and not confident with new things at all. Twenty years as a stay at home wife and mother had limited her life experience but she was glad to have an opportunity to prove herself again.

The bar quickly picked up and Janis quietly but diligently worked away. Gary watched her working from a distance pleased with her standard of work and happy to have someone who seemed sensible and capable even if somewhat quiet. As the building warmed up with more customers Gary poured a glass of lemonade and walked along the bar to Janis.

‘Here! It’s just lemonade but it’s warm tonight. I should have said help yourself to any of the draft drinks or water as much as you like. It does get very hot at times I’m afraid.’

Janis took the drink gratefully and within minutes the glass was empty. She added it to the empty glasses at the bar and took the tray of them through to the kitchen. As the bar was less busy she walked round the pub and collected in many other empty glasses and took those through to be washed too. Then, seeing a queue forming around Gary, she slipped back behind the bar silently and served more customers.

As the evening went on Janis found time passing quickly. She took Gary at his word and after the lemonade she consumed a glass of iced water and then another glass of lemonade. By early evening she was wondering if she might get a break at all. She hadn’t thought to ask her sister about stuff like that and she certainly wasn’t going to interrupt Gary who was chatting away to a regular customer whilst still serving others. Janis decided she’d wait until the pub quietened down even though she could do with a bathroom visit.

She kept busy serving more drinks, though she found herself moving far more often and crossing her legs now and again behind the bar as her kidneys pumped waste fluid through her body to her bladder continually. Her eyes danced in Gary’s direction numerous times in the hope he might notice and send her for a break. Sadly he was too engrossed in serving and laughing with the regulars to even seem to remember she was there.

By now Janis was noticeably fidgety as a customer approached the bar asking for a pint of beer. Janis smiled and took his money heading over towards the till and Gary.

‘Pint of beer. That’s £3.90 isn’t it? Getting the hang of these prices now.’

Gary smiled and took the £5 note from Janis, rang up the till and handed her the customer’s change.

The customer Gary had been talking too was eying up Janis in her snug jeans and top, a sparkle in his eye as he winked at Janis.

‘New barmaid Gaz? What’s her name? She’s fit, but awful antsy wouldn’t you say?’

Gary turned to look at Janis as she walked down the bar towards the man she had served. He hadn’t seen her antsy but her bum was definitely wiggling now he happened to look. He turned and laughed with the regular.

‘That’s Jean’s sister Stu! She’s alright isn’t she. Bit quiet and shy but picking up the knowledge quickly and pulls a decent pint too. She’s just here for the week mind you.’

‘She’s cuter than her sister anyway but there’s something about her Gaz. She’s either flirting or awful nervous or perhaps....’

Gary didn’t answer as he turned and watched Janis serve another customer this time with her legs crossed as she drank more of her lemonade.

Gary smiled back at his regular and leaned towards him in a whisper.

‘I suspect she needs the ladies mate. She’s not had a break yet and think that’s at least her second lemonade. I told her to help herself. You think I should maybe let her go?’

‘Nah mate. Her wiggle is well cute. I say wait until she asks. I mean what if she gets all that embarrassed way like woman do? She might get all upset at you knowing. My ex was like that. Hated anyone asking if she was bursting for the toilet even when it was fucking obvious. I say let her ask. I mean you aren’t stopping her going or anything. She just needs to ask right?’

Gary laughed.

‘You’re right Stu. She’s got a tongue in her head right? And she is definitely nice to watch!’

Janis meanwhile was bursting and found herself crossing her legs and bouncing on her heels behind the bar. Her face reddened as Gary approached.

‘Janis you wouldn’t mind clearing some glasses would you? The bar’s a bit quieter but could you unload and reload the dishwasher in the kitchen and bring the clean glasses through? Thanks!’

Janis uncrossed her legs, grabbed two trays and walked out to the tables and guests to collect in the used glasses, the pounding between her legs increasing exponentially as she did. She didn’t want to but her body was struggling and the only way she could hold her bladder was to dance around the room as she collected glasses onto the trays. Thankfully they were empty or she would definitely have spilled a lot of fluids with her giggling and bouncing around.

Gary watched as Stu fixed his eyes on Janis’s every move.

‘Aye, she’s definitely needing that break Gaz that’s for sure! Check those thighs moving and those legs! She can hardly stand still!’

‘You reckon I should tell her to take a break?’

‘You kidding mate? She’s an adult isn’t she? She can talk! Let her ask! Plus she’s better entertainment than what’s on that TV there that’s for sure! Bloody repeats again!’

‘She’ll probably ask when she comes back from the kitchen with the glasses eh!’

‘Be a shame if she does. But you’re probably right.’

Janis slipped into the kitchen glad to be alone finally. She placed the trays of glasses on the counter with the rest of the dirty ones and immediately grabbed herself between the legs with one hand as she hobbled over to the dishwasher and opened it up.

‘Oh God I really must go the the bathroom! I need to get Gary alone. This is crazy!’

Struggling to concentrate due to the intense need between her legs Janis couldn’t for a moment work out what to do. Should she unload the clean glasses and take them through to the bar then load the dirty ones or should she load some dirty ones in the spaces available then unload the clean ones? All she could think about was holding her pee in as she danced about frantically with one hand wedged between her legs. She decided to take the dirty ones off the tray and take some clean ones back to the bar first so she could ask Gary to be allowed to use the toilet.

She just needed to be brave and ask. How hard could it be?

She twisted her legs and jumped around like a little school girl, totally unable to stand still. Finally both trays were loaded and Janis tried to take them to the bar but due to being so desperate to pee she was unsteady and could only manage one tray at a time. She tensed every muscle she had and walked back with the first tray, placing them under the bar and looking around anxiously for Gary. She couldn’t see him so she danced back to the kitchen, having to grab herself twice before being able to head back with the second tray. This time she lingered at the bar, bright red and with her legs tightly crossed.

She moaned to herself as she saw Gary and walked towards him.

‘Did you manage the dishwasher ok then? The tablets are on the shelf above it.’

Trying to think fast, but feeling her muscles about to give way against the torrent of urine pressing fiercely against them, Janis could only muster one silly thing.

‘I couldn’t reach them. Sorry.’

Gary felt guilty as he watched Janis struggle. He could tell she was troubled as she stood there sweating, red faced and almost in tears.

Janis could feel her urethra shake. She knew what was about to happen but still she couldn’t get past her shyness to ask to be excused to use the ladies. Instead she’d made up some stupid line about not reaching the dishwasher tablets when in fact she hadn’t even loaded the dirty glasses yet!

Gary headed to the kitchen and Janis followed. As soon as she passed the bar Janis could feel her bladder about to pop. She grabbed herself between the legs, mortified at the thought Gary might turn around and see her. She had no idea that Stu was watching from the bar knowing just how desperate Janis now was and curious as to what might happen next.

In the kitchen Gary reached up to the shelf and took down two dishwasher tablets. He began loading some glasses in as Janis came in behind him.

‘Sorry I should have shown you how to do this. It’s just been non stop tonight. I do apologise. I don’t think either of us have even had a break yet. Could you pass me some glasses and I’ll load this quick. The tablets just go in here then you shut the door and press here.’

Janis stood watching trying with everything in her to not have an accident. Her jeans felt so uncomfortable, her top a little too revealing suddenly.

She had Gary alone. She just had to ask.

‘Gary, I was wondering. Could I please use the...’

But it was too late. As Janis leaned over to pass Gary another few glasses they both heard a load whoosh as Janis’s body crushed beneath her, releasing hours of pee into her jeans right in front of Gary. There was no dribbles, no leaks...just a long powerful pee that didn’t stole for almost two minutes.

The pair stood in silence as first the crotch, then the right leg then even some of the left became wetter and wetter as warm urine drenched Janis from the waist down. Drips could be heard falling from the leg of Janis’s jeans as a huge puddle began forming on the tiled floor.

Mortified, embarrassed and scared Janis could feel tears forming in her eyes. Why hadn’t she been strong enough to just ask for a break? Why has she held past the point of no return?

Not knowing how to react, and strangely highly turned on by what he had just witnessed, Gary took the glasses from Janis’s hand and loaded them in the dishwasher as if nothing had happened. He leaned past her and took some more glasses.

‘So sorry Gary. I shouldn’t have told Jean I could do this. I should have just asked for a break. I have been so bursting for over an hour now.’

‘And I should have told you to take one.’

‘I don’t have any spare clothes sorry Janis. If you want to go home I’ll pay you the full shift. You’ll still come back tomorrow won’t you?’

Despite the embarrassment of peeing herself Janis had had a great night. It was much better than watching Coronation Street and then having toast and tea with Jeff like every other night.

‘I’ll be back tomorrow’ she whispered through tears. ‘But I won’t be too shy to ask for a break then.’

‘See you tomorrow then.’

Jeff was sound asleep when Janis got home, her coat thankfully covering the majority of her wet jeans as she walked home in the dark. She took them off, which was harder than she expected as they clung to her long legs, then she put them in the laundry basket smiling.

Her first night of work in almost thirty years. What a shame she had been too shy to ask for a break when she needed. But actually there was something sexy, erotic even, about what had happened. She might try it again some time, but only if Jeff wasn’t home.

