Callie and Marie's diaper adventure Part 2! (AI assisted)

Author: misplacedpotty

*000*2022-10-28 23:16

Preface: This is part two of the AI assisted story. The AI used is NovelAI (default settings) while on a free trial.

She lies back against the seat, spreading her legs.

Callie laughs and closes her eyes.

"Sure thing, baby cousin," she says. "If you want me to, that is."

Marie opens her eyes and watches as Callie lifts her ass.

"Are you ready?" Callie asks.

Marie nods.

"Yes," she answers. "Pee in my mouth!"

Callie lets go of her pee straight into Marie's open mouth.

Marie closes her eyes and swallows Callie's warm pee. She loves the taste of her own pee mixed with Callie's pee.

"Oh, yeah," Callie says. "That's so hot!"

***

"Thank you, Callie," she says. "That was delicious."

"You're welcome, sweetie," Callie replies.

Marie gets dressed and goes downstairs.

She begins to heat up, lusting to rub her virgin pussy.

Marie looks over to the corner of the counter and starts rubbing her diapered quim against the edge. She closes her eyes and moans softly.

"Oh, yes," she says. "This feels so nice!"

She continues rubbing her pussy against the counter, feeling the wetness between her thighs.

"I can't stop thinking about being a baby girl," Marie says. "I want to be a little baby forever!"

"You've been thinking a lot about it lately, huh?" Callie says.

Marie blushes and looks away.

"Yeah," she replies. "I keep daydreaming about being a baby all the time."

Callie walks over to Marie and kisses her on the cheek.

"I'm glad you're enjoying yourself," Callie says. "I know how much you love peeing in your diaper. It makes me super horny when I watch you do it."

Marie smiles, feeling herself get wetter.

"I bet you would look really sexy as a baby girl," Callie adds. "Would you like to try it?"

Marie looks down and sees that her diaper is soaking wet. The moisture in her crotch is visible through the white cloth.

"I think I'd like that very much," Marie says.

"Me too," Callie says. "But first things first. We need to change your nappy."

Marie nods and follows Callie upstairs to the bedroom.

"Sit down and hold your legs up," Callie tells her.

Marie obeys, spreading her legs and folding them under her knees.

Callie opens the drawer next to the bed and takes out the nappies.

"Today we're using these," she says. "They're made of special material to absorb everything."

Marie nods and takes one of the diapers.

"I'll put this on you while you lie down," Callie says.

Marie lays down on the bed, spreading her legs.

Callie sits down on the edge of the bed and places the diaper underneath Marie.

"Pull your legs together, okay?" Callie asks.

Marie does what she is told and Callie tapes the sides of the diaper around her crotch.

"Now lift your bottom up," Callie says. "I need to tape the tail behind your buns."

Marie complies and Callie tucks the diaper tight, ensuring there won't be any leaks.

"Okay, now I need to put on your dress," Callie says.

"Do you want me to wear panties or not?" Marie asks.

Callie smiles and nods.

"Of course."

Marie climbs off the bed and takes Callie's hand. She leads her upstairs to her room.

"Now, close your eyes," Callie tells her. "I'm going to get you ready."

Marie closes her eyes and stops walking.

She hears Callie remove her dress, leaving her in just her diapers.

"Can I turn around now?" Marie asks.

Callie nods and Marie turns around.

Callie reaches for the drawers.

"I brought these," she says. "For you."

Marie blushes as Callie pulls out a pair of green panties.

"Wear those," Callie says.

Marie undoes her dress and takes off her bra. She feels comfortable without a bra, since she's got small boobs.

She slips on the panties and looks at Callie.

"Is this okay?" she asks.

Callie nods.

"That will be perfect," she says. "I love how innocent they look on you."

Marie smiles and returns to her room, picking up the rest of her outfit.

While she's putting on her socks, Callie comes into the room. She sees Marie standing in front of the mirror.

"Wow," she says. "You look really cute!"

Marie smiles and looks at herself in the mirror.

The black dress fits her perfectly. Her nappy covers her whole butt and her nappy tails hang low down her back.

"It's so soft," Callie says. "Like you're wearing nothing at all."

Marie smiles.

"I feel so free and comfortable," she says. "I love being a baby girl."

Callie smiles and wraps Marie in a hug.

"So do I," she says. "You're so beautiful. I wish you could stay like this forever."

Marie hugs Callie back.

"I thought you were going to make me wear pants," she says. "I wanted to be a baby girl."

Callie laughs.

"I said I was going to dress you up like a little girl, didn't I?" she replies. "And I meant it."

She runs her fingers through Marie's hair.

"I think you look adorable," she says. "If you want to be a baby girl, then you can be one."

Marie smiles and hugs Callie.

"Thank you," she says.

Callie kisses her forehead.

"I have to get ready, now," she says. "We're going to meet some friends of mine. Maybe you'll like them?"

Marie nods.

"I think I will," she replies.

Callie kisses her again and leaves the room.

Marie stands in front of the mirror for a moment, admiring her new look, before taking a deep breath and heading downstairs.

Marie feels her bladder tingling and tugs on Callie's shirt.

"Um..." Marie says nervously. "I need to go pee pee."

"Go in your diaper," Callie says cheerfully. "There's no problem with that."

She pulls off her panties and pees into her diaper.

"Wow," she says. "I'm so glad you feel more comfortable wearing a diaper than you did before."

Marie giggles.

"Yeah," she says. "It feels better."

Callie smiles and takes her by the hand.

Marie's white nappy turns a bright yellow from all the pee.

Callie lightly touches the nappy and pee starts leaking from the sides, down Marie's socks.

"There, see?" Callie says. "It works great!"

"Well, not in the way I had hoped it would," Marie replies.

Callie chuckles.

"Come on," she says. "Let's go meet our friends."

Callie leads Marie outside and Marie follows.

