Failures and Fallacies (Kingdom Hearts, zemyx)

Author: mooningemini

*000*2020-06-07 00:34

Hello! I am a long time lurker, and I finally mustered up the courage to write something today! I hope you enjoy!

###

It had been a long day.

Ienzo shifted uncomfortably in his chair. The discomfort had been quite prominent for a while, but so far he’d been able to ignore it. He had too much to do, and besides, such things had never gotten in his way before such humanity. Why should it start now?

The data on the screen should’ve made sense, but it was all odd, off, buggy. He scrubbed at his brow. He’d started sweating at some point--the computer, and the heavy cotton of his lab coat made the room feel quite hot--and the dampness on his face was distracting.

For more than one reason.

He sighed heavily. Humanity was odd, alien, inconvenient, and more than anything else, needy. More often than not lately he missed the days of Zexion, when he did not need to sleep, or eat, and any other… discomforts could quite literally be willed away.

He shifted again, trying to compromise with the hateful pressure in his pelvis. It had been there for a while--hard to tell how long--not helped at all by the absent-minded cups of tea. Many of them. He took another deep breath. He really should get up and take care of this, but the closest working restroom was a fifteen minute walk away, and besides, he was in the middle of something. Discomfort was irrelevant. It was easy to ignore hunger, or thirst, or even exhaustion. What was this?

He turned back to his notebook, trying to consult what he’d decoded. His must’ve run his eyes over the same lines of numbers a few times, not taking in anything, feeling nothing but pressure. Get it together, he thought. You’re not a child. Why on earth did his human body require so much more maintenance, when it was functionally the same as his Nobody’s? Perhaps he should ask Even; he might know.

Ienzo shut the notebook, crossed his legs. Uncrossed. It did not seem to help. He needed more sufficient distraction, if so for a moment, if so to get things back on track. Things were larger, more important, than supposed needs. One thing he did know that supposedly “worked” was… fantasy.

He swallowed. Well.

One of his many new adjustments had been sexuality. Prior, any significant expression or encounter had been out of curiosity, and nothing more, the orgasms from such acts completely clinical, the barest form of release (the thought of the word made him shudder a little). He’d discovered one morning after a questionable dream that he was not the asexual entity that he’d thought. And recently… there was more than just dreams.

He thought he would despise having Demyx here, or at the very least find him incredibly annoying, but after the boy became human again, he’d caught Ienzo at a particularly emotionally vulnerable moment (his new heart was quite torturous with its guilt) and asked if a drink might help. The alcohol had made things even more muddled, even more overwhelming, and they’d made out long and hard on the sitting room floor, grinding against one another until… well.

He considered this moment wearily. It had happened again since then. The human body was needy, but its rewards, more intense. Who were they hurting? Perhaps it was all a horrible mistake, and would end messily, but Ienzo was just so tired of fighting.

He thought of the most recent of these encounters, when Demyx had found him researching in the library, and rather than spirit him away to somewhere private, he’d simply ducked under the desk where Ienzo was sitting and--

This was helping. But it wasn’t helping his productivity.

He let himself linger on this moment, on the way Demyx’s mouth felt around his dick, on the way he’d finally been able to stop thinking for a few minutes. Perhaps… perhaps Ienzo might find him later and--

Okay. Enough of that. Hormones in check, body in check. Back to work.

He didn’t get far. The heat and the numbers were making him dizzy. He noticed, to his shock, his hand had crossed to his crotch and pressed hard. He sighed again. “Alright, enough,” he said aloud. He drew the line at gripping himself like a child. Back into reality, he realized that he was so full it physically hurt. All he had to do was save and make his way to the nearest restroom--it would be annoying, but he had to get it done.

Except Ienzo, despite his computer literacy, had not saved in some time, and when he finally enacted this function, it was taking its sweet time, and kingdom hearts he hated having a body so much--

Get it together. You’re an adult.

Shakily, he stood. The desperation seemed to double down, and he tensed. It was his own fault, for getting in this situation. He should’ve just gotten up earlier, but it was so annoying taking that long walk across the castle, and honestly he thought his own capacity was better than this. He took a few cautious steps towards the lab door, trying not to hyperfixate on what it would finally feel like to be free of this burden, of what it would feel like to, yes--

He cut off the thought abruptly. He would rather think of sex than the alternative, because he could not risk losing control, he was an adult. How embarrassing would it be if he could not keep a grasp on the simplest of bodily functions.

The more his walking jolted him, however, the more he questioned himself, and he wondered if instead of making it to the restroom, he might find somewhere else, literally anywhere else, to deal with this problem, a plant, an open drainpipe, anywhere other than his pants--

“Zo! Hey. There you are. You didn’t respond to my texts, do I didn’t know if--”

He felt the blood rush to his face. Dizzily, he turned. “Demyx, I… I’m sorry, I was quite distracted--” Understatement of the century. It was harder standing still than it was to move.

He crossed a little closer to him. “Hey, it’s okay. You’re a busy guy. I get it. I was wondering if--are you alright?”

Ienzo was trying not to squirm. Humiliating, to get himself into this state; he felt a hot flush of panic. “I’m… fine. It’s very warm in there.”

“Would help if you took off all the excess layers.” A smirk. “I could help with that.”

“Is that why you were… finding me?” Willpower. Control.

“...My afternoon’s pretty free. You tell me.”

Right. Oh. It came to him slowly. If fantasy could help, couldn’t the real thing? Better to make his way around half or fully hard than--

God. How had he let it get this bad?

Demyx frowned. “What’s going on? You look weird.”

The desperation made it hard to act logically. Instead, Ienzo just reached forward and kissed him. After a moment, Demyx kissed him back, and he felt the slightest relief with the distraction. Demyx pressed him against the wall of the hallway and kissed him harder; the sudden movement just shook that horrid organ, and he had to fight not to wet himself then and there. But after a few beats, Ienzo was not quite so focused on the desperation as the tongue in his mouth, on Demyx’s hand wandering slowly down his body, across his hip, kneading his cock through his pants. He unbuttoned Ienzo’s jacket and kept working him, and the resulting fleeting relief from this was enough to calm the panic fluttering in his best.

“You’re so tense,” Demyx said. “Relax. There’s nobody coming.” He slipped his hand down Ienzo’s waistband--normally he drew the line at such play in public, but he honestly needed it.

He gasped a little. “Wait--I--”

“Do you want me to stop?”

The way his hand moved was so good, distracting him from the awful pain between his hips. “No,” he murmured, pressing harder against him.

“Let me take care of you.”

His touch was so much more intense than Ienzo was used to, but why? It took him a moment of blurry thought, of bucking wordlessly against his fingers, before he thought he might have figured it out. Considering how full he was, there was quite a lot more blood flowing down there, blood which might make the sensation more intense. It wasn’t right, he thought dazedly, trying to hold back the orgasm. Was the human body truly so gross it could get off on a side effect of its own functions?

Ienzo could feel Demyx’s own hard dick pressed against him, but he was too overwhelmed to touch it, caught up in a strange maelstrom of desperation and pleasure. He should tell Demyx to stop touching him right now lest he accidentally finish, and he was positive if he finished he would--

“It’s okay, Zo,” Demyx murmured, kissing his throat. “Let go.”

You truly do not want me to, he thought. He wasn’t even sure he could make it to a plant or a drainpipe if this were to happen, even just turning away and taking his dick out would be enough--

The knot inside of him tightened and tightened, and god there must be something wrong with him if he wanted to get off right now, even just a handjob so different. He was gasping. “Demyx…” He tried, weakly.

“Yeah.”

“Please, I--” Words easy to misinterpret. Demyx doubled down on his touch, and Ienzo wasn’t able to tell him adequately; not just that, but he suspected he didn’t want to--

He gasped. The orgasm that broke over him was so intense he thought he might faint, and once it was over he was faced with an almost painful realization. He couldn’t hold it in.

He couldn’t.

Just seconds after he finished he felt the trickle, one that could be confused simply for cum, but Ienzo knew better, and the wave of panic that overtook him made everything dizzy. Even that small release was tantalizing, and too soon he felt another.

By then Demyx had withdrawn and was back to kissing him. He was going to find this so vulgar, so gross--

An actual pang of pain struck him, and he winced. “Zo?” he asked, confused. “What’s--”

The trickle became a faint stream, but still not visible, and he tried to turn away before it all started in earnest. His bladder strained against him. He wondered if he might just whip it out, who cared about the fallout--

His body had other plans.

People, he knew, could sometimes reach a point of fullness where they literally had no option, no control over the release. He had just hit that point, and the orgasm did not help one bit--the slight relaxation he’d gained from it had been his undoing.

He was fucked.

Demyx did not see it outwardly, but he felt Ienzo tense, which was somehow worse. He struggled in vain not to completely wet himself, but it was clear he could no longer argue, the stream breaking through his stranglehold--

“Oh, god,” he hissed, the embarrassment, the desperation all too much.

“Zo--what’s--”

He felt it begin in earnest, heat rushing down his legs disjointedly. He was in too much pain to feel relief. He kept fighting it, because if he didn’t he wasn’t sure what would happen--complete mental collapse, perhaps?

“Are you--”

“God,” he repeated, unable to meet his eyes. “Please, leave me.” His chest hitched, and he couldn’t breathe. The thought of humiliating himself so in front of the sole person in this castle he could bear to speak to was the final straw, panic rushing over him just like the piss trying to leave him.

“Ienzo. Ienzo, look at me.”

“No.”

“Take a deep breath.” Demyx brought a finger under his chin and made him look up. “It’s okay.”

“No, it’s not--”

“It’s okay. Shit happens.”

“But I can’t--” He couldn’t hold it anymore, but he couldn’t seriously do it right here, but it was still physically painful, and he couldn’t honestly remember the last time he’d gone. Fear and panic threatened to overwhelm him. Why were hearts so sadistic, human bodies so fallible?

“Zo.”

He was audibly panting with the effort of maintaining control. “I’m disgusting.”

“No, you’re not. You just pushed yourself too hard. Relax. Let go. We can deal with whatever happens afterwards.”

His kindness just forced more tears to his eyes, and between the panic, and the humiliation, and the fullness, he did.

Warmth and wetness left him almost with force. He was too full to feel real relief, at least not for a moment, but slowly the pain eased. He kept his eyes on Demyx’s shoulder, shuddering, the anxiety making him shake. He only had one pair of shoes that fit, how was he going to explain washing them? Here he was soaking himself like an infant because he hadn’t taken his own needs seriously enough. He thought he might cry, adding to the awfulness of all of this.

Demyx drew him a little closer, keeping their hips apart, and rubbed his back. “It’s okay,” he said.

“How is it okay?”

He kissed his forehead, his cheek. “I don’t think any less of you.”

Maybe it was the words, maybe it was the sheer volume that had already left him, but the relief hit him so suddenly he swayed, and Demyx held him up. The pleasure was so immediate, so intense, he nearly moaned out loud. I must be losing my mind, he thought dazedly. He wondered at the odd tactile sensation of wet cloth, pressed against his legs. This had to be some kind of coping mechanism. There was no way he was genuinely enjoying this.

After too long (and not long enough?) he felt it begin to end. He tried to regain his breath, his composure, his dignity.

“Are you okay?” Demyx asked, trying to get him to meet his eyes.

“Obviously not,” he hissed. “I just completely pissed myself in front of you.”

“It happens,” he reasserted. “We’re not used to being human. We’re not used to… needing stuff.”

Ienzo looked down, and wished he hadn’t. His pants were soaked, and there was quite a bit of fluid beneath him. “If you wish to never touch me again--”

“It’s okay,” Demyx said firmly. “To be completely honest? Seeing you not be a hundred percent in control was a little hot.”

He looked down again, and saw Demyx’s half-hard dick. “Oh,” he said instead.

“Sorry. Just speaking the truth.”

“I’m… glad you did.” He exhaled; he felt like he could finally breathe again. “So what do I…”

“Button up your coat. I don’t think that’s got any on it. I’ll make sure there’s nobody coming so you can get back to your room.”

He nodded. More than anything, he was exhausted now. “Thank you,” he said softly.

Demyx grinned. “Of course. Hey, I’m just setting it up so that when something happens to me you pick up the pieces.”

He chuckled a little. “Fair enough.”

