The Perfect Girlfriend

Author: MasterPace

*000*2018-05-11 19:43

Katie was a freshman in college. She had started the previous fall, and now it was the cold days of December. She felt that she made a smooth transition between high school and college, except for one aspect. Katie was always wanting to have a college boyfriend. During high school, she was well known throughout for having plenty of boyfriends, usually 1 every few months. However, as college came, it seemed like nobody wanted to date her.

Katie was by no means unattractive, she had long, smooth brunette hair that flowed to her shoulders, she had a petit frame, only standing 5' 6", and had perky breasts that caught the attention of some. Her skin was smooth all around, with no visual issues.

Katie went through her classes, and usually managed to ace them, and she was a very bright student. On one particular weekend, she was completely free. She had no extra work to make up, and planned just to lounge around for the 2 days. She was checking her phone when she received a text. It was from a number she didn't recognize.

"Hey, Katie, you probably don't know me, but it's Warren, I'm in one of your classes, but we never talk. Anyways, I was wondering, if you weren't busy this weekend, did you want to go out with me?" Katie read to herself. After reading, she had to take a step back from her phone. Somebody had asked her out! She immediately jumped on her phone and replied.

"Sure, I would love to!" Katie was ecstatic, she had finally been asked out! The two of them worked out a time they would leave, and would meet in the main campus park before.

The next day, Katie woke up bright and early. She quickly showered, and relieved herself before getting dressed. It was a cold day, so Katie out on a pair of skinny jeans, and a long sleeve shirt and coat. She grabbed her belongings and went to meet her new date. She found him sitting on a bench, scrolling on his phone.

"Hey Warren!" Katie said cheerfully. He looked up and saw her.

"Oh, hi Katie, you're early!" He replied.

"Yeah, I know, but shall we get going?" Katie said.

"Sure, it's awfully cold, do you want to get a coffee?" Warren offered. Katie nodded, and the two walked to a nearby coffee shop. Warren got a small coffee, while Katie got a large espresso, which she downed in only a few minutes.

"Geez, how fast do you drink?" Warren was surprised.

"I guess, I'm a fast drinker! I might as well take one for the road." Katie got up and ordered the same thing, just as Warren finished his drink. The two exited the store, and Katie began downing the 2nd drink as well.

"There's a movie showing nearby, do you want to go see it?" Warren offered.

"Sure!" Katie nodded in agreement and the two of them entered the theatre and bought tickets, Katie threw her empty cup away, and promptly ordered a large soda, along with popcorn. Warren and Katie went into the theatre and watched the movie. Midway through, Warren slowly moved his hand to grasp Katie's and she accepted the gesture. The two of them held hands through the rest of the movie.

At the same time, Katie could feel her bladder getting ever more full. Having finished her soda, wasn't helping her cause.

"I guess I could've gone before we came in to the movie." Katie grimaced, but didn't want to leave. She didn't want to ruin the moment, and get up and leave.

When the movie finished, the two of them got up, and exited the theatre. At this point, Katie had consumed 2 large coffees and a large soda, and she could feel it. She had to go really badly, and the tight jeans she wore, weren't helping her cause, putting more pressure on her bladder. She didn't want to make a point to stop, so she grudgingly kept going.

"Do you want some lunch?" Warren asked politely. Katie accepted and the two of them walked to a nearby cafe. They ordered sandwiches, and some water. During their meal, Warren noticed that Katie seemed distracted, and not focused.

"Hey, Katie, are you ok." He inquired.

"What? Oh...yeah, I'm fine, why do you ask?"

"You just seem, distracted, that's all." Warren was still suspicious.

"I'm fine....really." Katie assured him. In reality, she wasn't fine at all. Her bladder was desperately full. Everything she drank that morning, found its way to her bladder, and was now begging for relief. "I think I'm ready to go now...." Katie motioned. Warren was concerned, as they had only started eating a few minutes ago. But, he didn't want to say no, so they left.

"Look, if you didn't want to go back Katie that's fine...." Warren said.

"It's not that, it's just I...." Katie began.

"Let me guess, you have to go to the bathroom?" He concluded.

"What? How did you know...." She was surprised.

"Two things. One, you drank a lot of stuff this morning, and you aren't really hiding it very well." He motioned at Katie's visible bulge. She realized that she had been caught, and he knew it.

"Why didn't you just go to the bathroom?" He asked.

"Umm....I don't know how to say this..." Warren motioned for her to continue. "I kind of like holding my pee...." Katie said while twiddling her thumbs.

"Katie....you are into that too?" Warren asked. He had watched several videos of girls holding their pee, and now, he had a pretty girl who was doing it right in front of him. She nodded her head.

"Ive always enjoyed watching girls desperate, and to be honest, it has been somewhat enjoyable seeing you squirm in desperation." Warren admitted. "Would you hold....longer for me?" He asked frankly.

While Katie was ever so desperate to pee, she knew that she found the perfect boyfriend, one who shared her interest, and would do anything to please him.

"Of course I will hold longer for you...." She said with a wide grin.

*004*2018-05-12 16:42

Thank you for the positive feedback!

*006*2018-05-13 01:19

If enough people want it, I'll make more parts to it.

