A burst pipe on Holden Close

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-06-12 13:21

A burst water main on Holden Close

Eastfield was an unassuming suburb around equal distance from two big cities and prime commuter belt. With two primary schools, two supermarkets, a high street, one remaining bank and a library which had just been closed, its main attraction was lower house prices and close proximity to motorways. It epitomised a middle England small town where pubs used to be the focal point but internet and late night transport to the city were making the local pub less and less appealing. Still, with regular buses to major cities day and night and its own train station, Eastfield was just about holding it’s own.

Holden Close was a fairly typical small dead end street with its own little residential roundabout at the end to aid residents and those who took a wrong turn to head right back out again. With just twenty houses it was a quiet mix of young commenters, families, the odd retired couple and everything in between. Though people knew each other’s faces, pets, children and cars they were not all on first name terms and most made nothing more than small talk with each other as they went about their business. There seemed nothing to bind them together really as everyone just got on with their own lives with little in common.

That all changed one Monday morning when all twenty properties encountered the same problem: a burst water main around the corner which meant the water supply to the street being turned off all day.

What follows are real accounts of that day as recounted by people in the street

Number 1: Mr and Mrs Hawthorn

Eleanor: I remember it being a mild day. I’d had my breakfast and watched BBC breakfast and had headed upstairs for my usual shower. I remember filling the kettle before I went upstairs as I love a cup of coffee after my shower and drying my hair. I’ve always loved my coffee at ten am. Anyway I was just finishing drying my hair when I heard the front door. I just thought it was the postman. I went down stairs to answer and saw it was two men dressed in those yellow jackets that workmen wear.

They had ‘Water Board’ marked on them and they told me they were cutting off my water supply due to a burst pipe just around the corner. I didn’t think anything of it really and they said that the company would be around later with bottled water but you don’t really think when these things happen do you? They said the taps would only produce what was in the system and that the toilet could be flushed once but wouldn’t refill so ideally to not use it until the supply was back as after flushing there would be no water in it.

I took it for granted it would just be a few hours so thanked them and closed the door. I mean how long does it take to fix a leak these days? I never even thought to call Ray because I just thought by the time he was home later it would all be over.

Ray: yeah, I had no idea about it at all. Monday I pick up the grandkids and walk them to school and then I do some hours volunteering in a day care centre in the next town. Ever since my cousin used that centre I’ve been there every Monday helping. It’s tiring but so worth it. I don’t get home until around 1:30 to 2pm.

Eleanor: So I went straight to the kitchen and filled and boiled the kettle and made my coffee then sat down to watch TV like I always do because I didn’t think anything different really. I work three days a week as a receptionist at the doctor’s surgery but never a Monday. I like my Monday’s off. Well usually I do. Not that Monday I didn’t. You see I thought nothing of the whole water thing until after homes under the hammer finished and I was about to go to the toilet when I remembered. So I sort of distracted myself in the kitchen making a lasagne for when Ray was home later and preparing salad. I was quite aware I could use the bathroom but was trying to avoid it which was ok but quite distracting. By the time I came to washing up the chopping board and knives though (using water from the kettle I had filled earlier) I really was needing to go so I thought ‘well if I go now then by time they have finished all will be fine and the water will be back on’.

Now I know they said the cistern wouldn’t refill and all that but surely by later it would all be fixed and I was rather bursting so in the end as I was dancing about I just gave in and went. In hindsight I would have done the same again but maybe I just shouldn’t have flushed? But I did and there isn’t much I could change was there? It was strange not being able to wash my hands though but I looked in the cupboard and thankfully found some hand sanitiser.

After I had hovered and dusted and cleaned up more I went to put the kettle on for a cup of tea and sit down before Ray was home but remembered we had no water! The lasagne was cooking away and all was fine. Thankfully just then the door went and it was the water board with twenty bottles of water which they said to keep for drinking, cooking and cleaning and not to waste by pouring down the loo. I was so grateful to see them as after all that housework I was gasping for a cuppa! I opened a bottle to fill the kettle and make tea then I did the crossword while drinking my cup of tea and eating a biscuit and I heard the door again, this time it was the postman with a parcel.

By the time Ray was due home and I finished the salad and made some garlic bread I was starting to need another trip to the toilet. Maybe it was the thought I couldn’t go but as I spread the bread with garlic butter it was on my mind. Ray came in the back door, kissed me and went to hang his coat up. He started talking right away about the burst main as he’d passed it on his way in and apparently there were cones and temporary lights up and it looked like they would be there awhile. That’s when he said the lasagne smelt lovely and he was just heading for a pee then he’d be back down.

Ray: I hadn’t had a chance to go at the centre all day. I was really needing a piss but I’d been waiting a while anyway so when Eleanor said I couldn’t use the toilet due to no water I figured I could just ignore it and go after lunch. It was inconvenient, but do-able, so I carried the bread and salad over to the dining table and we used the last of the water in the kettle to have a coffee each. It was good to be home but although I tried to ignore it I found my need to piss kept creeping back. I asked how long the water had been off for and when it was due back on.

Eleanor: that’s when I realised I hadn’t thought to ask when they had brought the bottles in.

Ray: I was tapping my knees under the table by now. I pulled my phone out my pocket and looked on the water board website. It said estimated time of resolve: unknown. I don’t know if it was that extra coffee or the fact I was sitting down but while checking my phone my need to piss escalated that quick I had to pinch myself.

Eleanor: I could tell you were bursting! You could hardly sit still to eat lunch.

Ray: God I know! I was desperate. I hadn’t been all day! I had to go or I’d have pissed myself. So I just ran to the back of the garden and did the most incredible long and blissful piss in the bushes without thinking. I had no choice. It was that or piss myself!

Eleanor: I wish you hadn’t done that. I knew what you were doing and it only made me want to go but it’s not as easy for us woman!

Ray: I never thought though. I never even knew you wanted to go. I was much more relaxed when I came back in so I grabbed a couple of beers from the fridge and suggested we watch a movie in the lounge. Sometimes Eleanor likes to go out but it looked like it might rain and we were both tired after a great meal so I made Eleanor a cup of diluting squash with some of the bottled water and I took my beers Into the lounge. It took us a while to agree but we settled on an old favourite on dvd and sat down in the armchairs to watch.

Eleanor: I hadn’t realised how tired I was and about forty minutes in I must have fallen asleep. I think I had forgotten all about needing to pee or I was just too tired.

Ray: I finished the beers and enjoyed the film. Once it finished I switched the tv off and decided to wash the dishes by boiling water in the kettle. I mean it was about 4pm by now so the water was bound to be back on soon but at least the kitchen would be clean. I keep meaning to invest in a dishwasher but I’m not convinced they work as well as my hands do. As I had my hands in the warm water I realised I had to pee again. It was spitting with rain and cooler now and I figured I’d just wait until the water was back on. I looked in to the lounge and Eleanor had woken but she looked restless.

Eleanor: I woke up desperate to wee! I was about to get up and go when I remembered I couldn’t and I had to fidget loads to try and calm my need a bit. I was bursting and the fidgeting wasn’t helping. That’s when I called Ray in.

Ray: I was just thinking myself that I hoped the water would be on as those beers had gone right through me when Eleanor called on me.

Eleanor: I asked him, well begged him really, to check online and see if there was a time for it coming on. I was too embarrassed to say why.

Ray: it’s fine dear. I knew why right away. You were bouncing your legs and wriggling like crazy. I remembered you saying at lunch you needed to pee and realised you must have been really bursting because I had been then and I was bursting again too. I sat on the armchair crossed legged and checked my tablet.

Eleanor: That’s when he said they were estimating 8pm! I very nearly wetting myself right there and then! It’s embarrassing but I had to actually hold myself as I had to go so so bad. I tried wriggling but I actually thought I was going to pee on the chair right then so I stood up and paced the room.

Ray: she was moaning ‘Ray, I’m so desperate for the toilet. I can’t wait until 8. I can’t wait until 5 even. What would happen if I used the toilet without water in it? I really need to go.’ She was pacing and holding herself through her long loose skirt. I felt awful as I knew how she felt as I was desperate to piss too. I was trying to think but my damn penis kept pulsing with need. I had to keep moving to prevent myself from leaking.

Eleanor: I have never had to pee so badly in my life. That’s when my Ray came up with a great idea. At least I thought it was at the time. I would have agreed to anything that let me get to a toilet at that point.

Ray: I just suggested we go to Morrison’s which is the nearest supermarket. I just hoped their water wasn’t affected. I had to do something for my poor wife and for myself. I grabbed my car keys and headed to the back foot. Eleanor followed still with a hand between her legs.

Eleanor: I grabbed my anorak and got in Ray’s car. I could hardly think I had to pee so much. I was scissoring my legs in the seat and moaning but I just wanted a toilet so so badly.

Ray: so did I dear. So did I.

Eleanor: it’s only about seven minutes to Morrison’s but we were hardly past the end of the street when I knew it wasn’t going to work. I was dribbling. My muscles were struggling so much. I was about to piss myself in my husband’s car! I had my anorak on my knee so I hitched my skirt up and wedged my anorak under my bum and on the seat as best I could as pee ran slowly out my vulva, through my knickers and onto my coat. I kept trying to hold back though. It was so hard. I wanted to relax but couldn’t.

Ray: i could see what she was doing and had to keep rubbing myself. My bloody balls ached I had to piss so bad and someone was pissing themselves on the seat beside me. It was torture!

Eleanor: I wasn’t fully peeing honey. It was more like steady leaking but God did I want to go so badly still. Having wet pants just made it so much worse!

Ray: I pulled into that car park, got out my car and ran for it! I never even waited to lock the car! It was a dire emergency as I was right on the edge of having a full blown accident in a public car park. I ran in that gents and unzipped and pulled him out as piss gushed out full force splashing back from the urinal it was coming out so fast. My boxers were pretty wet but I made it, just.

Eleanor: I wish I could have said the same. I got to the ladies and sat down but my knickers were already so wet that I just relaxed with them on. The wee went everywhere but it felt so fantastic to finally get to go. I just pulled the knickers off once finished and put them in the sanitary bin. It felt weird leaving without pants on but better than squelching with soaked ones on.

Ray: we went home and had a coffee after that and the water went on about 7:45pm by which time we both wanted to pee again. I hope we never ever have to go through that again.

Eleanor: I couldn’t agree more!

*003*2019-06-12 21:45

Number 3: The Maryland’s

Alice: I had left for work around 8am to drive to the city and I remember seeing water running down the street then as I waited at the lights. I didn’t think much of it to be honest and carried on with my day. Carly was at home still sleeping when I left. She didn’t have any lectures at university until the afternoon that day and I didn’t expect her back until around 7pm. David was working away that week as he often does so he wasn’t affected at all thankfully.

Carly: I woke around 9 and ran myself a bath. The pressure seemed a bit less than usual but I figured I was maybe still half asleep. I had just got out the bath and brushed my teeth when the door bell rang. That’s when I heard the water was being turned off due to the burst pipe and not to flush the toilet or turn taps on or stuff. I wasn’t overly bothered u til they said about dropping bottled water in and I said I was going out in a couple of hours and no-one would be in. He said they could leave with a neighbour but I didn’t really know anyone of them so asked if they could try and come before I left. Thankfully they did. I knew mum wasn’t due home until about 5:30 so I wrote a note for her just in case then carried on with doing my hair and make up.

The bottles of water arrived about 10:45 I think, or something like that. I was studying so never really noticed the time properly. I took one to drink then headed back to my room.

I couldn’t be bothered cooking lunch so I decided to leave a bit earlier for the train and maybe just buy a sandwich or something in the city if I wanted one. My mind was elsewhere when I used the toilet before leaving and automatically flushed as always. It was only when it made a weird sucking noise I remembered there was no water to fill the cistern so I pulled the lid down and stuck a note on saying ‘do not use’ just in case. Then I locked up and left for university.

Alice: there wasn’t anyone else home until I drove into the driveway at around 5:30pm having passed the roadworks at the end of the street but without thinking they were affecting my house. You do t think about that do you? I was tired and hungry and sort of needing the toilet but more hungry and thirsty and tired after a long day at work. I work as a PA to a company executive so I need to dress smart. I could t wait to get my high heels off when I got home.

I saw the mail on the ground and picked it up then saw the bottled water which I nearly fell over! Carly’s note fell as I moved the bottles and I sighed reading it. I went straight to the kitchen to try the taps but when nothing cane out I turned them back off and looked in the fridge to think what I could make that didn’t need water. To be honest there wasn’t an awful lot in but I found some sausages and knew I had potatoes so thought I could make sausage and mash. Then I realised I needed water to boil the potatoes! I went back to the hall for a bottle of water, picking up two, and filled the pot with bottled water and peeled the spuds. I hadn’t had nearly enough to drink at work so I opened the other bottle and by the time I had the potatoes ready I had drank the bottle dry!

I went back to get a third bottle and used that to fill the kettle so I could get a coffee and biscuit before frying the sausages in time for Carly getting back.

I watched a bit of TV while drinking my coffee then headed back to the kitchen to cook the potatoes and fry the sausages. I had no sooner gone into the kitchen when my bladder spasmed and I detoured straight upstairs to use the toilet. I probably last went at lunch, I think, but the bottle of water and coffee wanted out anyway. It was quite a shock to see the do not use sign Carly had stuck on and to open the lid to no water! Being so close to the toilet was making my need increase 100 fold suddenly so I shut the bathroom door and headed back to the kitchen and tried to ignore it. I often have to hold for ages at work so I didn’t think much of it.

I went back down to the kitchen and carried on cooking like all was fine. I did check the taps just in case the water was back on though. It wasn’t.

Distraction did help I guess but I was really aware of my bladder and it definitely seemed to look full as I rubbed it gently while turning the sausages. That was when I text Carly to see if she was on the train home as usual. She texted back right away saying she was and asking if the water was back on yet. I checked the taps again before replying no. It took another minute or so before she just replied ok.

Carly: I didn’t want to reply to my mum that I was bursting for the loo and had been since before getting on the train and that the loo on the train was out of order so I really needed home to pee! I just squirmed on my seat and replied ‘ok’ even though I wanted to scream! My two hour lecture had dragged in last thing and towards the end I was wanting to run to the toilets but the trains are only half hourly and I knew mum was making me tea so I ran from the lecture and only just made the train and no more. Once I sat down I remembered I really needed to pee so went looking for the loo. I hate toilet trains. I hate most public toilets to be honest, but sometimes needs must. I just sat down again when I saw it was out of order as there wasn’t much else I could do really. I just kept telling myself ‘just half an hour journey then ten minute walk to the house and you can get to pee. You can do it!’

The journey seemed to go on forever., I had my legs crossed one way, then the other, then I would circle my foot, then I leaned forward a bit but the desire to go was so constant and annoying. I really didn’t want to think about the fact the water was still off so I couldn’t even pee in my own home! When mum said it was still off I even started thinking if there was anywhere on the walk back I could use a bathroom or even squat in an alleyway but it was all too public and open and pretty much houses all the way! I had no choice but to hold it in.

Alice: she had no idea I was just as desperate at home cooking her tea!

Carly: I could t even think about anyone else mum! I was so full when I stood up to get off the train at Eastfield I thought I would pee myself right then! I had to tighten my muscles so hard and my jeans felt so tight! I was speed walking home to try and hold it in and all I could think about was getting to pee.

Alice: I wasn’t much better in the kitchen! I was dancing about to the radio to distract me as I took vegetables out the freezer to microwave and mashed the potatoes with some butter. I must have looked some sight in my proper work clothes and flesh tights with no shoes on dancing about with an obviously full bladder in my own kitchen. I found an unopened litter bottle of lemonade in the cupboard and pulled it out for us to drink with tea. I was just dishing up when I heard Carly come in.

Carly: I ran straight to the kitchen to ask if the water was on. It’s ok talking about it now but at the time I really didn’t want mum to know how bad I had to pee so I half stood behind the kitchen door bouncing as mum checked the taps but there was nothing. I told her I was just taking my bag to my room. I raced upstairs to my room and sat on the edge of my bed absolutely frantic to wee. I held myself with both hands rocking and moaning and somehow loosened my jeans. With one hand now inside my jeans cupping my vagina as hard as I could I waddled to the bathroom and climbed into the bath. My plan was to get my jeans and pants off and just pee in the bath but the second my hand cane away from between my legs I just couldn’t wait and I stood there in the bath peeing my jeans like some little toddler. I was mortified and after I finally finished I peeled my wet clothes off i changed into my pyjamas and went downstairs.

Alice: I had no idea but I knew Carly preferred to eat in the lounge so I put up the TV tables up and took dinner in there. By the time Carly came downstairs in her nightwear I was eating my dinner whilst fidgeting like mad in the arm chair.

Carly: mum looked so distressed I had to ask if she was ok.

Alice: When Carly asked I had no choice to say. My bladder was so large and swollen and my personal area was throbbing. I had been holding so long it was like a dull ache from my waist to my thighs. I just said I needed the water back on so badly. I don’t know why I didn’t just say but it just isn’t something we talk about in our family.

Carly: I’ve never heard mum say she needed the toilet ever before. It was just something we didn’t talk about. I guess I was just so worried about her I was willing to break the rule. I waited a minute while she tried to keep eating but she was moaning and sweating so I had to say. I just asked outright: ‘mum do you need the toilet?’

Alice: I could say no could I? All I said was ‘yes’ as quietly as I could. I had to stop eating though. I stood up and leaned forward holding onto the back of the armchair for support as I tightened by muscles as hard as I possibly could.

Carly: I wasn’t sure what mum needed in the toilet so I went into the kitchen and opened the utility cupboard and found the first bucket I could. I expected mum to take it to the toilet and she could flush it away when the water was back on. What happened next shocked me.

Alice: when Carly handed me the bucket it was like my body screamed ‘thank God’ and I couldn’t hold and longer. I pulled my tights and pants down, spread myself over that bucket and just let go right there in my living room with the TV on and my dinner in from of me. The noise of the urine filling the plastic bucket was so loud I couldn’t hear the TV. On and on my bladder released and I was shocked to see it almost half full when I stopped dripping enough to pull my knickers back up and pull my tights back on. I hadn’t touched the bucket or wiped myself so I just redressed and sat and finished my dinner as if nothing had happened.

Carly: we hadn’t long finished dinner and I was helping mum tidy the kitchen when I tried the taps and finally we had water again. It was only then I confessed about my earlier accident and brought my clothes down to wash as mum took her bucket upstairs to empty.

Alice: we are a lot less shy about toilet things now since that day. Saying that I don’t ever want it to happen again.

Carly: me neither!

*007*2019-06-15 14:38

Number 5: The Campbell/Fisher Household

Simon: I leave early for work so I was up, showered, dressed and had eaten breakfast all before 7:30am. As I drove out of the street I thought I saw the pavement wet which I thought was strange as the rest of the road and pavement were dry but I never thought any more about it. I work in the city for an insurance company so I am out early and not home again until 6pm depending on traffic. I had no idea at all about any of it until I came home. I assumed my partner, Lisa, was the same as she works full time too.

Lisa: I left the house less than half an hour after Simon and headed in the opposite direction. I work in admin at the college in the next town so I never knew of anything about the water until I got home around 5:45. When I arrived home I was tired and hungry but when I read the note about no water and turned on the kitchen tap I decided for once not to bother cooking and to wait for Simon and order take away. I saw the bottles of water in the porch so brought them in as it was raining by then and I put them in the kitchen.

There was fresh apple juice in the kitchen so I had a glass of that while I waited for Simon to get home and I gathered up the washing ready to get the machine on later if or when the water was back on. While I was upstairs I checked the bathroom and without thinking put some bleach down the toilet and flushed it. I have a thing about smelly toilets and clean ours every day. It’s like I have OCD about it but it’s not a bad thing really. I realised as soon as I flushed it that I had forgotten about the water thing but it’s a habit I can’t seems to beak. I then went downstairs with the laundry and I checked my email and had a quick scroll though my social media and sat down on the couch to wait for Simon.

Simon: I had had an exhausting day with meeting after meeting and I was so glad to be going home. I had drank a good few coffees that afternoon but in my eagerness to get home I never gave a visit to the gents much thought. It’s usually about a 25-30 minute drive home, though in heavy traffic it can take longer of course. Mondays are usually not the worst but the light rain seemed to be slowing things a bit and by the time I was about ten minutes from home those coffees were making their presence known. I arrived home about 6:15 that day and said hi to Lisa before heading upstairs to get changed out my suit and use the loo. I was on the fourth step when Lisa called to me from the bottom of the stairs to say not to use the toilet or the sink as we had no water and she would explain when I came back down. She also asked if I wanted pizza or Chinese for tea and I just said pizza as I wasn’t overly bothered. Both sounded great.

Once in the bedroom and getting undressed I wanted to use the bathroom a fair bit so I actually went in the bathroom to check the water but I wish I hadn’t. I lifted the lid to the toilet and the smell of bleach was strong so I guessed Lisa had been in but when I turned the tap on nothing came out. I saw water in the bottom of the toilet and I was seriously tempted to just pee anyway but now in my looser fitting tracksuit bottoms and a t-shirt I figured I could hold a bit as the water would to be on soon enough. I went back down and grabbed a cold drink from the fridge and watched the local news with Lisa who had said she had ordered dinner.

Lisa: By the time the news was finished at 7 I could have really used a visit upstairs but when I checked the taps there was still no water so I just had a casual conversation with Simon as we waited for dinner to arrive. Within minutes the bell rang and I forgot about the toilet for a while.

Simon: By the time the news finished I needed to go quite a bit more but I saw Lisa check the taps and just thought I would have dinner and then if the water wasn’t back on I would just go pee anyway regardless. Then the pizza came and I was so hungry I just wanted to eat.

Lisa: I took the food to the dining table in the kitchen and put the pizza and chicken wings open on the table and put a plate and cutlery out each. I had ordered a big bottle of Pepsi since we had no water so filled a glass each of that too. I was really wanting the use the bathroom by this point but I was also quite hungry so sat down to eat really hoping the water would come on any moment.

Simon: I was bursting too! As much as I wanted to eat and drink I would have enjoyed it so much better had I been able to empty my bladder first. I thought so many times of running up to pee but the pizza was so nice I thought I would just finish my meal at least. The pizza made me thirsty though and before I knew it I had emptied my glass of cola and I was tapping my leg under the table trying to keep my piss inside me. I didn’t want to say to Lisa at first but as it got harder to hold I ended up admitting to her that I really needed to pee quite badly.

Lisa: Thats when I admitted I was bursting too! We were both sitting trying to eat dinner fidgeting and squirming under the table. I was so glad we didn’t have company for sure! I dread to think what we must have looked like!

Simon: This probably makes me sound weird but seeing Lisa squirming and holding herself a bit like that was actually quite cute.

Lisa: I was just thinking the same! Seeing you with your hand over your crotch lightly rubbing and pinching was actually quite sexy and I am not sure why but I could feel myself becoming a bit aroused.

Simon: I was too but I assumed it was all my rubbing and touching and maybe seeing you give yourself attention down there too but I was definitely a little hard too. I was very much desperate to pee though more than anything else!

Lisa: Me too. In the end I was first to give in! I couldn’t get comfortable at all and the constant nagging feeling between my legs was so distracting. I’d been holding quite a while and while I detested the thought of peeing in a toilet that couldn’t be flushed I also felt bloated and full and stressed. I excused myself and made my way upstairs.

Simon: Seeing Lisa go made my situation really urgent. I dropped my slice of pizza, grabbed my member through my trousers and headed up right behind her. No water or not I had to pee!

Lisa: I didn’t even shut the bathroom door! I just rushed in, pulled everything down, opened my legs and say down on the loo. It was just as I sat down that I saw Simon standing there, his joggers pulled down and his half erect penis tightly wrapped with his fingers and a thumb over the tip. I felt awful for him and I really couldn’t bear the thought of him using the sink or the bath to pee so I silently broadened my legs further creating a space between them for him.

Simon: That was the sexiest but also the most loving thing anyone has ever done for me! At that point it was like an invite to heaven itself and I happily and quickly stepped forward and pointed him carefully between Lisa’s open legs.

Lisa: it was actually quite amazing to pee like that! While we both relaxed I think some endorphins must have come over me as all I wanted at that point was Simon! As my whole body relaxed I touched personal areas of Simon’s that were right in front of me and loved every minute of it.

Simon: it really was an intimate and incredibly sexy moment to pee together like that. It was extremely arousing and lead on to a very special night.

Lisa: Can you believe that was just over three weeks ago now? I’ve only just found out I am pregnant too so we both have every reason to remember the day we had no water!

Simon: Bet the water board weren’t expecting that to happen eh!

Lisa: Neither was I though. Who’d have though a burst main could cause a baby eh?

Simon: And who would have thought peeing could be so incredibly sexy!

*011*2019-06-17 22:13

Number 7: The McPherson family

Taylor: I was the first out the house that Monday and it seemed like an ordinary working day. I own and run McPherson’s bikes on the high street and I cycled to work around 8am. The kids were up and watching TV and eating breakfast as usual and I think from memory that Maggie was in the kitchen making their lunches. The kids had school and Maggie drops them at breakfast club for 8:30 before she heads for her shift at Waitrose.

Maggie: Thats exactly how that Monday went. My shift was 9 until 2:30 so I just picked up a few things we needed at work before picking the kids up after school. The kids have a few clubs on so it was a bit of a rush to get them home and fed before i headed back out that night to Emily’s Dance class and Riley’s judo. I got in with the kids about 3:20 and Riley saw the bottled water at the front door first but I was in such a hurry to get them back out I never took much notice. I picked up the mail, and I assume the note about the water was there too, but I just placed them on the kitchen counter for later. I made the kids a backed potato with cheese each and a glass of milk so I had no need to even turn a tap on or use water as I didn’t even have time for a cuppa myself. The kids ran upstairs and got changed and came down for their food.

Emily: I hate the toilets at school so while upstairs I used the toilet and washed my hands. I noticed the tap just spurted a tiny bit and told mum while I ate my potato but she never really heard me.

Maggie: I did hear you but I was busy checking your bags for homework and letters and putting the rest of the shopping away and it never really registered.

Emily: The toilet had flushed but it made a weird noise too. I forgot to tell mum about that though.

Riley: I don’t drink a lot at school and hate school dinners so I was just wanting my dinner and drink mostly and looking forward to Judo. I was nervous about moving up a grade and was thinking of that. I had forgotten all about the mysterious bottled water at the front door.

Maggie: I started emptying the dish washer as the children finished eating and finished my glass of milk. I then got all our coats ready and headed right back out. Emily’s dancing is in the next town and starts at 4:15 so we need to be away for 4 and then Riley’s judo is back in Eastfield at 4:30. Sometimes I wait at the Judo but as it’s close to the Main Street sometimes I walk up to see Taylor and help him shut up shop. I used to work the business with him but sustaining two wages from it was too much of a burden so I found a job elsewhere, but if I have a day off I help him if it’s busy.

Taylor: I was glad to see Maggie that night. The shop had been steady all day which was great for business but while I could have a coffee and grab a bite to eat between customers I hated having to lock the shop just to use the loo. Many a time I’ve had to wait all day before locking up and running out the back to the toilet before cycling home! You learn to just hold it in really but I was so hoping Maggie would pop in before closing as I had been bursting for a while and trying not to show it.

Maggie: I often tease him that I must have some affect on him that the minute I walk in the shop to see him he runs out the back as fast as he can haha.

Taylor: That’s honestly what it’s like though as I always need to go. That Monday was dragging in but you become quite a master at what I call ‘professional piss holding’ when you are desperate but not showing it.

Maggie: I still do a lot of the business accounts so I often ring up the register if there’s no last minute customers before tidying up or stock taking or dealing with mail. I often feel bad if the weather has changed as I have car with me for the kids and Taylor cycles but with the pick ups with the kids and hooking the bike on the car etc it’s still better for Taylor to cycle home. Plus it’s just ten minutes thankfully.

Taylor: By the time I’d got back to the shop from using the toilet I was so happy I hugged Maggie from behind and kissed her! Honestly there’s nothing more satisfying that getting to do a much longed for piss after holding for hours! I was so relieved I was like a new man!

Maggie: Thats hilarious! I helped you lock up at 5 then as you cycled home to start our tea I went to pick up Riley and then Emily.

Riley: I remembered we were picking up Ems before going home so I went to the toilet before I left Judo. I’ve forgotten too many times and been desperate waiting for my sister to finish dancing.

Emily: Yeah I went at dancing too.

Maggie: I’m always the one who is too busy it seems! I certainly felt I could use a wee by the time I picked Riley up but he was just coming out and I needed to rush away with rush hour traffic to get Emily on time. She was waiting just inside the door as it was raining when we got there. Driving back the half hour home I realised I needed to go more but as we were heading home I’d go then. I think I had probably last went at lunch at work but it’s not like I note it down or anything. I was hungry too and looking forward to getting a hot meal at home.

Taylor: So I was first to hear about the water being off then? When I put the bike in the garage and went in the back door I hung my coat up, took my wet clothes off and went to wash my hands. That’s when I realised there was nothing in the taps! I went to call the water board but had a quick scan through the mail and saw the note about the burst pipe. I then saw the bottled water and it all made sense. I popped upstairs to get changed and checked the toilet cistern to see it was empty so I locked the bathroom with the key to stop the kids turning the taps on and flooding us when the water went back on and went back to the kitchen to cook dinner for everyone. I didn’t need water for cooking so that was fine.

Maggie: I must have got back with the kids about 6:20pm and I planned to go to the loo as soon as I could. The kids know to get into their pyjamas on a Monday after clubs and come back down for dinner then homework. As it was raining I opened the garage and put the car in there and the kids went in the back door of the house. I came in a minute or so later as Taylor was telling the kids we had no water but not to worry as just to use the bottled water by the breakfast bar.

Riley: I wasn’t bothered to be honest.

Emily: Me neither though I did ask if I could have a bottle to drink as I was roasting after dance. Dad said I could so I grabbed one on the way upstairs.

Maggie: I followed the kids upstairs to run to the loo. I was pretty desperate to go and although I heard what Taylor said I wasn’t really taking in the implications as all I wanted was to wee. Then I couldn’t get the bathroom door open! There is nothing worse than a locked bathroom door when you are really bursting to pee! And by now I was bursting! I rushed back down to Taylor and asked why the bathroom was locked.

Taylor: I explained that if the kids turned the taps and the water cane back in suddenly the bathroom would flood and as the cistern was dry and wouldn’t fill under the water was on then the toilet really shouldn’t be used. I could see Maggie was jigging about a bit but it was hardly my fault the water was off.

Maggie: I was tired, hungry and bursting so yeah I wasn’t perhaps acting very kindly but I really needed to go and we only have one toilet!

Taylor: I suggested she call the water board and ask when it was due back on. It was about 6:30pm by this time and although the office might be closed there should have been some sort of information line with details since there was an outage. Maggie didn’t seem happy but did use her phone to google to number and call. I started dishing up the chilli and pita bread for us all while she called them.

Maggie: All I really wanted was to pee. I needed water to do that so I reluctantly did as Tay suggested. I removed vividly dancing and squirming so much while my phone dialled the number and I had to listen to the information line go on about date protection and then press this number for this and all that. Meanwhile my bladder was pulsating so badly for release. It was so embarrassing dancing about in front of my family like a little kid. Finally I pressed the number for ‘if you have no water’ and got a recorded voice message saying they were aware of an outage in Eastfield and were working on fixing and restoring supply as soon as they could. I didn’t know what to do so with my dinner getting cold I just sat down with the family and tried to eat but I kept moaning about how much I had to pee.

In the end I hadn’t managed even half my meal when it got so bad I opened a kitchen cupboard and grabbed a measuring jug and ran upstairs into the bedroom and crouched over it to pee into! I looked at my watch and it was 6:50pm. There was no way I could have managed until the water went back on.

Taylor: I had turned the kitchen tap on slightly so we would know immediately when the water went back on. I seem to think it was about an hour later, by which time both myself and the two kids really wanted to pee and shower! I unlocked the bathroom and filled a jug from the bathroom cupboard with water to fill the cistern so as not to break the toilet when we first flushed.

It wasn’t until the kids were in bed that I asked Mags where she had put the jug she used.

Maggie: I was so embarrassed I had hidden it! I mean who wants to admit they were forced to pee in a jug because they got so desperate as an adult they couldn’t wait? I never ever want a water outage ever again! I will never laugh at Tay again when he runs to the bathroom if I pop to the shop to help.

Taylor: Maybe you need lessons in professional piss holding’ after all!

*014*2019-06-22 23:15

Number 9: Miss Allen

Chloe: I haven’t long moved to the street. I don’t know anyone yet at all. I live in one of the smallest houses but it’s perfect for me. I work a lot of hours but I am a very private intimate person with a lot of secrets. I work solely from home as a virtual assistant and work long days and nights as many of my clients live in the States so I deal with the UK and European ones during the day and then as others finish work I begin working with my Stateside clients. In my line of work you take business when it comes. I sleep and eat at odd times but it suits me.

So I had been working until 3am and was still sleeping when my door bell went mid morning. I answered in my pyjamas and I don’t care what they though of me! I joked that as long as it was water that was off and not WiFi I would survive fine. I probably regret that now as water is pretty vital!

The thing is I drink a lot. I need to to stay awake. I don’t ever drink alcohol but I drink a lot of coffee, tea, water and juice as my brain needs to be alert long hours. I’m a bit, we’ll probably a lot, of a workaholic. I forget to eat for hours and even forget to go to the toilet! I get very focussed.

I decided since I was awake now I would just open up one of those bottle of water and start up my laptop. I hadn’t even had a wash but since people don’t see me what does it matter? I hadn’t had my first wee even but as I say I have an addiction to working.

I got caught up in something work related and it was almost 11 before I realised I was almost pissing my pants (as often happens) so I ran to the toilet then went to have a shower and remembered about the water! I ran down and grabbed a bottle of water and poured it in the sink and had a cold wash before getting dressed. I gave my hair a quick brush and then made a quick sandwich and got back to work. I was working on a brand new website for a huge business and loving every minute. I had finished the first bottle of water so just opened another one. No time for making tea and coffee as my mind was working overtime.

The next think I realised it was after 1pm and I had drank two bottle of water (three including the one before I washed) and used one to wash! The workmen had left a box of 12 and I was debating how much water a toilet would need as I was needing to go. Then I had a crazy idea. Well I say crazy but, well maybe I shouldn’t be saying this to you but you can keep a secret right? These interviews are not being recorded are they? Good. Phew! Anyway, I have this sort of secret: sometimes I get so caught up in work I have an accident and just keep on working! I hate being interrupted when I am focussed and I only take a break when it’s convenient so I hold and hold and hold and sometimes it just happens. I then just strip, shower and carry on. I mean it’s not like it matters to anyone right?

So I had a sparkle in my eye when I realised I couldn’t put the washing machine on anyway and with just me alone it takes about 4 days before I had enough laundry anyway so why waste the water on flushing a loo when I could just pee myself when I really needed? After two bottles of water I already had to go big time! It makes me squirm just thinking about it now to be honest.

So I just sat down at my little dining room table and held. I carried on adding drop down menus to the new website and copying and pasting information while I squirmed and moaned holding a very full bladder. It’s actually not that awful a feeling really. It made me quite horny if truth be told. My nipples were tingling and as I dribbled a little my vagina lips became all swollen and wet. As I opened a third bottle and started drinking it just happened.

As I sat there working away I could feel the warmth first slowly running down my legs. It was sending shivers right through me and giving me a real feeling of euphoria, like a sort of high. I had leggings on and I could feel the squelching between my legs which was so incredible and sexual. I did rub myself quite a bit I must confess and with one hand tight against my crotch I just relaxed and allowed the rest of the warm pee to pour out of me down both legs, pooling on my plastic seat and all around my bottom and puddling on the floor. It took a while before I stopped and the warmth and wetness felt so beautiful. The whole time I had one hand on my keyboard typing stuff for the website I was building.

I eventually felt my wet legging getting cold so I stepped out of them, used a towel to dry the floor and chair and put all the wet stuff in the washing machine ready to turn on later. I went upstairs, naked from the waist down, and put on clean knickers and some jeans and went back to work. I figured I should probably eat something too to keep my brain working so I stuck some frozen chicken pieces in the oven and cooked some rice. While eating that I finished drinking the bottle of water I had started when I started peeing myself and I opened another. So that got me thinking.

I am always challenging myself and setting targets. It’s what motivates me. Usually the targets are work related but that day was different. The water board had given me 12 500ml bottles of water. It was now 2pm and I had used 6 of them, five to drink and one to wash with. I know the dangers of over hydration and all that but I set myself a goal of using every last bottle before my water came back on. I didn’t need to drink it all but I wouldn’t waste any of it either.

But whatever the water situation I had a lot of work still to do. I had dried my seat and decided this time to sit on a towel just for convenience. I went back to working on the big website that had over 100 different pages plus forms and links so I had a lot to be getting on with. I put a bowl of salted peanuts on the table and I nibbled at them as I worked both to keep my sodium levels up and to increase my desire to drink more. It worked and by about 3:30, just two hours from my earlier wetting, and two and a half more bottles drunk since then, I could feel my desperation increasing quickly. I was subconsciously swinging my legs or scissoring them in and out while working. I was crossing and uncrossing my legs and bouncing my knee. But I was right in the middle of a complex function and I will not be broken from my concentration. So I sat it out.

I didn’t really look at the clock but I did find myself standing up to work for a bit and bending forwards towards my computer as I tightened every muscles between my legs. I moaned under my breath and held myself. Suddenly I recall my body shaking and I stood tall and paused as instantly a huge hissing noise indicated I was pissing my jeans hard! The noise was much louder than I expected and made me feel proud and happy. I was achieving a lot of work without wasting time going upstairs to my bathroom and at this rate I would be able to put my washing machine on sooner than expected. This time I sat down with my drenched jeans on on the chair with the towel and carried on working hard for ages like peeing my self was perfectly normal. I wanted to finish the page I was on before stripping off.

When I did try and get my jeans off I had forgotten how hard it is to pull down wet Denim as it clung to me like a magnet. My underwear was so wet and felt scrumptious against my lips and I could feel my clit pulsing with desire! I hadn’t quite expected just how horny my whole plan would make me feel. I tried to ignore my sexual desires and put my wet clothes in the washing machine and did a quick check to make sure the water wasn’t back on before running upstairs, wiping my legs down with baby wipes and putting some fresh clothes on again. This time I slipped on a pair of sports shorts that I had bought to wear to the gym but never yet got around to going. My thought was this way I could see the pee run down my legs, the one thing that wearing leggings and jeans had prevented.

Again the break found me hungry so I looked in the kitchen and found some soup and heated that up. I remember it was lentil and quite salty so I naturally drank yet another bottle of water with it. That left me with just two bottles left with no idea when my water would be back on so I thought I should try and slow down! My colleagues from the States were now online so I had much more work all of a sudden and people were messaging me, phoning me and emailing. I was glad I had eaten and fresh to work.

Hours must have passed without me even realising and I was now just finishing the second last bottle of water and squirming on my chair as I worked. Wearing shorts was a much different experience from earlier and every move seemed to really help me hold better. I felt a little light headed and realised I hadn’t had any sugar so far so I ate a couple of biscuits and opened a can of cola from the fridge. The caffeine seemed to really hit my bladder quickly and my muscles were working overtime. I was working but I could barely keep still. The room was starting to get dark so I got up to put the lights on and had to grab between my legs as I did so. Then I had an instant message from a Stateside colleague who asked if he could Skype me about something.

Always eager to please clients I agreed and within minutes I was on Skype with my head and shoulders on camera whilst my lower body could barely stay still as I was absolutely bursting for the loo! It was so hard to concentrate and the call seemed to drag in. I had a hand between my legs throughout the call and at one point the client actually asked if I was ok so I must have been sweating or moaning or my fidgeting must have been noticeable. At first I said I was fine but about 10 minutes later when he asked a second time I admitted I hadn’t had a moment to go to the ladies for hours and I apologised.

I hoped he would have ended the call but instead he asked me so much more! He seemed fascinated by the fact I needed the toilet and I found that quite a turn on. He is a regular client and we have a good work relationship so it was actually nice to feel we could chat about something other than work for once. I admitted to him that I hadn’t been to my toilet all day which was true because my water was off. He couldn’t believe how much I had drunk but I didn’t dare admit I had pissed myself twice already.

At least once he knew I could moan and squirm much more. I did hint that I was very very desperate but he really didn’t seem to want to cut the video call. By now all we were talking about was how bursting I was which thinking back was weird but exciting. I felt awkward at the thought I might have an accident while on Skype but he was lovely and reassured me if anything happened it was his fault for delaying me and not to worry at all. He even said just to say if I was to leak and just at that point I did. I stood back so he could see the wet patch on my shorts and I was frantically dancing and holding myself.

I hadn’t planned for anyone to have any idea I was holding my pee let alone a client I loved working with but it all happened so naturally and quickly. We were still talking when I froze and we both knew I had leaked a lot more and I showed him urine running down my legs. As I did so we both heard this very loud gushing sound and for a moment I thought my water had suddenly came back on and I had left a tap on! It was that loud and sudden and obvious. In fact it was my bladder and live on camera I pissed myself so obviously I was squelching and soaked through. After showing off my front and back to the client, who I expected would never want to work with me again, I ended the call, pulled off my wet shorts and dried myself with a towel. As I went upstairs a third time to get clean clothes I checked the water again and was relatives to see water come out the taps. It ran brown at first but after a few minutes all was fine and I enjoyed a lovely hot shower.

Despite what I expected the client now works with me even more than before and we have regular Skype calls too. He was very understanding about it all. After my shower I put the washing machine on too and had something else to eat and drink before heading. to bed for the first time in days before midnight.

Ironically the day I had no water seems to have brought me extra work which was great and I had a lot of fun but it’s probably best it doesn’t happen too often even if my client seems to wish it would.

*017*2019-06-26 21:40

Unfortunately I won’t be continuing this series as my heart is t in it any more. Sorry!

